Sunny Savita: Hello everyone, I'm Audible. Can you please confirm in the chat if you can hear me?
Sunny Savita: Guys, please let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: So let's start, let's start the session.
Sunny Savita: I hope everyone has joined this class.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So just give me a moment, guys, I'm going to start with the session. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, my voice is clear. Can you please confirm?
Sunny Savita: Okay guys, so I hope I am audible and visible to all of you. Can you please confirm in the chat if you can hear me, if you can see me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Great, guys.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, welcome to all of you guys, again. So, in today's session, we are going to be start with a new topic. So, how many of you, you have joined the previous class? May I know in the chat?
Sunny Savita: So far, we have completed 70 to 18 classes, right? And we have covered most of the part related to the large language model.
Sunny Savita: I started from the transformer, embedding and coding, and then in the previous class, we have discussed about the, different, different LLMs, right? So how we can read the different, different LLMs from the different, different platforms. I already discussed that inside the previous session.
Sunny Savita: So here is the notes of the previous class. The same notes, basically, it is available over the dashboard also. So if you will go and check with the dashboard, you will find out same notes over there as well. Now guys, let me show you where you will get all, so let me check whether the recording is updated or not. So the recording from the previous class is there or not, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, once you will open your codes now.
Sunny Savita: Once you… you will open your dashboard, right? So under the live class section, you will find out all your recordings. Every recording is available.
Sunny Savita: over here, inside this particular session, okay, inside this particular section. Now, guys, this is the recording from the previous session. If the topic is not matching with the current, like, live class, right? So I will change all the topics and all everything over here, over the dashboard itself, right? So don't worry about that.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, once you will go inside the resource section, so inside the resource section, you will get the, resources.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, resources is available over the dashboard, as well as you can check out the resource over the GitHub also, okay? So, at both places, you will find out the resources. So, whether it's,
Sunny Savita: whether it's a Notion notes, or it's a Scribblink notes, means my Blackboard notes, everything is available over here, okay? So once, no, this is the wrong repository.
Sunny Savita: So, everything is available over here, okay? This is the correct repository. So, what is your repository name, guys? Full Stack Genet AI Bootcamp 1.0, okay?
Sunny Savita: So once we will go and check out with this particular repository, here you will find out all the resources.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Now, in the previous session, I've given you an assignment, so may I know how many of you you submitted that assignment?
Sunny Savita: I already, basically updated inside the Google Form, so you can submit the assignment via Google Form itself.
Sunny Savita: So, have you submitted your assignment? Tell me yes or no. So, you just need to select the assignment form here, Assignment 1, 2, 3, whichever assignment you are submitting.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And let's say you are submitting third assignment, you can select the third assignment from here, and then you can submit. So, anyone has submitted their assignment.
Sunny Savita: Anyone has submitted the assignment, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: If you have not submitted the assignment, guys, please submit the assignment. So, I'm giving this link, I'm giving this form link, okay?
Sunny Savita: I pasted in the chat, guys. Please keep this form with you, because all the future assignment you have, you will have to submit from here itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so anyone has completed the assignment?
Sunny Savita: Please raise the hand, please write it down in the chat.
Sunny Savita: If anyone can give the quick, demo, okay, if anyone can give the quick demo within a 5 minute, I think that would be great. So anyone would like to give the demo over here?
Sunny Savita: You can just raise the hand, or you can write in the chat, guys. Just 5 minutes, okay? Within 5 minutes, if you can provide a demo of the… of your application, I think that would be great.
Sunny Savita: Because here I have seen, I got total 103 responses, okay? 104 responses, and inside these responses, I have a couple of responses from the assignment 3 as well. So, if anyone has completed the assignment, then please let me know, you can raise the hand.
Sunny Savita: And, you can give the quick demo of your assignment.
Sunny Savita: I already share Arun in the… inside the chat, so if you will go and check with the community chat, you will get it over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: We will get an assignment solution letter. We'll update that assignment solution, no worries, but yeah. As of now, if anyone would like to give the demonstration of that, please let me know. And the assignment solution will be available inside the same repository, inside the same folder, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, nobody's double.
Sunny Savita: Sir, could you please just share the detail of the assignment? It is already there, no? Sunil.
Sunny Savita: Are you not joining classes? See, here is assignment 3 detail.
Sunny Savita: Everything, I have… everything, basically, I have capped as a single repository. Why you are not looking over here?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so THR is saying, sir, I can provide the demo, quick demo. Am I audible? THR?
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me?
THR: Yeah, can you hear me, sir?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so would you like.
THR: Hello.
Sunny Savita: a quick demo of your application, whatever application you have created.
THR: Yeah, so let me share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just a second, let me switch off my camera, and let me stop my sharing, then you can share, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah, so THR, I'm allowing you as a panelist, you can join as a panelist, and you can share the screen, and you can give the quick demo, okay? So, guys, please, look into the… see, guys, see, THR, what do you have to do? Can you hear me? I'm audible to you.
THR: Yeah, yeah, thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: First, give the quick, overview of how, like, how this application is working, okay, what of, what all functionality you have added, and after that, you can give the quick overview of the entire codebase, okay? Within 5 minutes, you have to finish. I'm starting the time, timer for the 5 minute, okay?
THR: Yeah, yep, yep. So, so I generated with the stream date, actually, so, as per the class… class class, we have going with all the multimodal content.
Sunny Savita: Can you… can you raise your voice? THR, it is a little bit low, so if you can raise your voice…
THR: Yeah, can you hear me now?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, a little bit better. Yeah, please go ahead.
THR: Yeah, hi, Sunny, this is Bala here, Bala, Bala Krishnarity, my name. So, yeah, so I have done, by using your concepts, with the different, different models, and, different, different providers, actually.
THR: But tokens is, available for only, you know, a few of the things. I just neglected with the Grog.
THR: But the, the, the token, I need some, I mean, so I did not add any credit card. So for the, only for…
THR: open source, ID there, actually. So, with the text, text-to-text, text-to-image, you know, we can select the temperature, max tokens, if you want, like, depending on the…
THR: open source data, so they allow only some tokens to, you know, get the response, right? So, I just added, like this. And text-to-text, text-to-image, image-to-text, text-to-audio, audio-to-text, and video-to-text, right? So, as Sunny, suggested, go with all the…
THR: Different, different multi-model types.
THR: So, here, text-to-text, right? Let's say if I go with Grok, I'll just show you a sample. Grok, Lamb, let's say…
THR: 7 o'clock.
THR: Weird.
THR: I know… Oh, yay.
THR: to generate the response, see, it's response generated. So, I got, a translate to, let's say, a specific language.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
THR: Yeah, so… and .
Sunny Savita: Yeah, later on, see, later on, you can correct this thing via prompting also, so once I will look into the prompt now, right?
THR: There you go.
Sunny Savita: Provide a detailed prompt to your model, and according to that, it is going to be generated output, right?
THR: Yeah, system prompt, right, sir?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, system prompt, even we'll learn about the different prompt template and all, okay?
THR: Text to image, or… Can you showcase.
Sunny Savita: the image… can you showcase one image to text? Can you pass one image there, and can you generate the text out of that?
THR: Sure, sure, sir.
Sunny Savita: Temperature meaning… the meaning of the temperature is the creativity of the output, okay?
Sunny Savita: Creative, and how uncertain your output will be.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So we'll understand that part once we'll enter into the RAG and all, okay?
THR: Let's, let's have… Okay, let's have this. I'll download this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, any image, whatever you have inside your system, right? Just wanted to check the functionality, whether it is working or not.
THR: Yep, sure, sir.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, please, complete your assignment, because from now onwards, we are very sincere about the assignment and all. This assignment will teach you so many things, believe me, guys. Whatever you are learning from the classes, assignment will teach you more than that.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So please complete your assignment, please submit your assignment, and from now onwards, means from next assignment onwards, I will keep some prizes also. So if you are going to be, so I will keep this kind of demo, I will keep some prizes also. So if you are going to be showcase your solution.
Sunny Savita: Inside the live classes.
Sunny Savita: And if your solution is standing out among all the solutions, then you will get some prize from our end, okay? You might get any… anything, okay, even any course or, basically any… any sort of a prize, even the cash prize also. So please complete your assignment timely, and from now onwards, I will give you some, important assignment.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
THR: So, I don't have tokens, actually, so I was just, .
Sunny Savita: So, have you tested this, have you tested before, okay, it is giving some error.
Sunny Savita: I think I've shown you how.
THR: Yeah, it is because of,
THR: It's because of the, you know, tokens that are… tokens is… I did not test with tokens, actually, so I just…
Sunny Savita: This is a different model, you can use from the raw coupon router, from anywhere, right? Gemini, I have shown you the Gemini, correct?
THR: Yeah, Jiminy… yeah, I can… I can select Germany, actually. Jiminy A, I have the… let me go with the Gemini image. It is saying some… not found, actually. I mean, the model is not found.
Sunny Savita: I think model name is not correct, no? You have to keep the correct model there, correct? So, just refine your code one more time. I think it is, like, it is not a completed one, there is, like, too much error. So, just, refine your code. Okay, if you have generated using the Copilot or any… with any
Sunny Savita: coding tool, right? But I would highly suggest you, after generating a code, please review it properly, whether it is working or not, with a complete functionality. Got it?
THR: Yeah, sure, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, because generating a code is not a complete solution, we have to be review that, okay?
THR: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
THR: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
THR: these are worries, like, it's completely… I did not test… I tested text-to-text title, but I had to test all these.
THR: It should work, I think. I'll try to demo.
Sunny Savita: Okay, good. So, no worries, what you can do, after the session, you can look into that and make it better, okay?
THR: Yep, thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Sure, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, now let's, start with the session. Let's, start with the class, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, first of all, guys, what we will do, I think one thing was remaining in the previous session. I think we haven't discussed about the OLAMA, correct? So, have you downloaded the Olama?
Sunny Savita: Have you downloaded the Olama inside your system?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, in the previous session, I've shown you how to install the Olama, how to download the Ollama. So, what you can do, guys, you can just search the Olama, okay? Just go…
Sunny Savita: and open your Google.
Sunny Savita: Now, after opening your Google, guys, what you have to do…
Sunny Savita: you just have to, right, you just have to write OLAMA over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: Ollama download. Now, once you will write this Ollama download, you will get the official website of the Ollama, right? From here, you can download this OLAMA. Either you can download via this command, or else you can directly download the exe file.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, I will just take half an hour, just to explain this OLAMA, how it is working, and what all functionality it is having. Later on, maybe we can discuss in a detail, okay? In our upcoming session, in our upcoming chapter, we can discuss that, right?
Sunny Savita: Over here, guys, see, this whole arm, actually, it's a little, huge one, if you will check out with the exe file.
Sunny Savita: So, the Xe file size is around 2GB, okay? So, if you have downloaded the OLAMA, guys, so it will take your memory, okay? You should have a good system, if you are going to be configuring this OLAMA inside your local system, okay? So, I would suggest you, if you have 8 to 16GB of RAM, then please configure this Olama, otherwise, don't do it.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you have at least 16GB of RAM, then do it. Otherwise, don't do it. Unnecessary, it will take your RAM, it will take your memory, and it will slow down your system.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: And,
Sunny Savita: Okay. If you have 16GB, then you can configure that. So, over here, guys, what I have done, see, I have already installed the OLAMA, right? So, I have downloaded this OLAMA inside my system, inside my local system.
Sunny Savita: And then, I have installed it, okay? So just click on it, and just do the next, next, next, it will be installed inside your system. Now, after installing it, how you can verify? So, you just have to write the CMD on your, inside your search box.
Sunny Savita: And after writing the CMD, guys, just write over here, okay? Just write over here, olama hyphen V.
Sunny Savita: So once you will write this olama-V, you will get a version of the olama.
Sunny Savita: Are you able to get this version? Are you able to get the version of the OLAMA? If you're able to get the version of the OLAMA, means everything is fine. You have successfully installed the OLAMA inside your system. But if you're not getting this version, that means you haven't installed. First, you will have to be installed there.
Sunny Savita: So please do it, guys. Please install the Olama. Now, one more thing I would like to ask to everyone. What is a Ollama? Can anyone tell me what is a Ollama?
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me what is an Olama?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so I think many of you, you know about the OLAMA, right? So, OLAMA is an application which is providing us, business… which is providing us access of the different, different LLMs.
Sunny Savita: But nowadays, it is not only till the LLMs, right? Initially, they have started with the LLM only, right? They were providing a different, different LLM, but nowadays, we can do so many things via OLAMA, okay? So it is providing us a complete AI operating system.
Sunny Savita: We're talking about this OLAMA, right? So it is providing us a complete AI operating system. I'll show you, quickly, I will give you the overview that what all things is being provided by this OLAMA, okay? So that you can have some understanding about it, and we'll, see what, how we can, access the different model using the OLAMA, okay?
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, initially, basically, this OLAMA just, was providing us the different, different LLM, okay? But nowadays, using the OLAMA, basically, we can do so many things.
Sunny Savita: Using the OLAMA, we can access the cloud code, we can access the codecs, okay?
Sunny Savita: We can work with the OpenClow, we can access the different, different local models, we can configure the… means we can download the model in our local, we can access that model, we can directly access the model from the OLAMA cloud, right? So many things we can do via OLAMA itself.
Sunny Savita: And getting my point? Yes or no? So, along with the local model, along with the local model support, along with the local model support, you can do so many things using this OLAMA now. So, once you are done with the OLAMA installation, what you have to do, guys, you just have to write the OLAMA over here.
Sunny Savita: So once you will write the olama, okay, so what you will get, guys.
Sunny Savita: you will get the different variant op- different option over here. Can you see, guys? Are you able to see the different, different options?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. So you can chat with the model, okay? You can launch your Cloud code from here. You can launch your codex app, okay? You can launch your Hermos agent. You can launch your OpenCloud.
Sunny Savita: And many more things you can do via OLAMA nowadays. So you can say, Ollama is not only providing you the model, okay? OLAMA is not only providing you the offline model, along with that, it is providing you the complete AI operating system. With that, you can access the different, different services of the different, different provider, okay?
Sunny Savita: So let's say, guys, if I wanted to chat with a model, so what I will do, I will simply select this chat with a model, and I will hit enter over here.
Sunny Savita: So, once I will hit enter, guys, here you will see we will be getting a different, different model, okay? So, it is already connected, means, this OLAMA is already connected with, inside my system, okay? So, and I already selected this particular model, it is a free model, but let's say…
Sunny Savita: If it is, showing you the different, different model, right? It will be providing you with a different, different model from the cloud… from the cloud, right? It is directly asking you, okay, from where you would like to access the model.
Sunny Savita: from the cloud, or from where, okay? Or you wanted to download that model in local, right? You might be getting that particular option. Let me show you what kind of option you might be getting. So here is one more screen, guys, I can show you.
Sunny Savita: So once, guys, you will, run the chat now.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so once you will run the chat now, once you will try to chat with your model, right? So, there you will be getting the different, different option, okay? So I connected with this particular model because it is free, it will not ask anything. If you're going to be select any other model, maybe it will ask you to upgrade the plan.
Sunny Savita: So, it will provide you the link, and it will ask you to upgrade a plan, okay? So, let me show you that what all model it is having. If you will search, if you will search Olama model, you will be getting the different, different models over there. And this Olama, basically, it is not only providing you the free model, it is providing you the paid models also. Means, it is providing you the
Sunny Savita: it is having one paid version, and inside that, you will get some premium model as well, okay? So this is the subscription fees of the Olama. You can check inside the USD or in the INR, in whatever way you are going to be paid, okay? So if you wanted to take a, like the… if you wanted to take the higher subscription of the Olama, right? If you wanted to upgrade your Ollama, you can do with this particular price.
Sunny Savita: In that case, you will get some more perks, you will get some more good model, okay? And you will get more context window, higher limit and all, okay? You can check out what all services is being provided under this particular subscription.
Sunny Savita: Now, model is there, so if you will check out with the model site, so just write OLAMA model. Okay, so once you will write that Ollama model, you will get this particular page. Okay, so here, see, models is there, then document is there. You can check out with the Ollama documentation. So, here is a complete documentation of the Ollama.
Sunny Savita: And here, basically, you will find out that in how many ways, basically, we can use the OLAMA, okay? We can use it via cloud code, we can, we can configure the cloud code, we can configure the codecs, open-air codecs, okay? We can configure the co-pilot, we can configure the so many things via OLAMA nowadays, right? Now, over here, guys, if you will check out with the OLAMA model, so this all are the model which is being provided by the OLAMA.
Sunny Savita: Now, few models are the paid one, few models are the… a few models comes into the free subscription, few models come into the paid subscription, right? So you can check out all the models over here, right? Once you will write OLAMA models, you will get all the different, different models from the Olama.
Sunny Savita: Not only the text model, it is providing the different embedding model, it is providing the different vision model, okay? So, different, different kind of model you will get. You will get maybe more than 1,000 models over here, right? You will get more than 1,000 models over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, let's say if I wanted to access any sort of a model.
Sunny Savita: Right? So here, you can, make a filter, you can put the filter also, you can select the popular model, you can select the newest model, right? In whatever way… in whatever way you wanted to select the model, you can do. You wanted to select the more reasoning-based model, thinking model, you can put… you can select this, filter. If you wanted to, like, use the Bism-based model, you can do that, right? Now, over here, guys, you can see, it is being…
Sunny Savita: It is providing us a different, different model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and once you will write the OLAMA on your terminal, you will get
Sunny Savita: Okay, once you will write the OLAMA on your terminal, you will get, okay, you will get the different, different option. As I've shown you, chat, cloud, or basically codecs, you can connect with the GitHub Copilot and all, okay? So, as of now, I've simply connected with my chat. So, once I will connect with my chat, guys, so I will get this kind of interface on my terminal, okay? So, I can simply test my application over here.
Sunny Savita: Right? I can simply test my application over here.
Sunny Savita: Let me check, let me check, guys, whether this model is working or not, this Nemo Tron 3 Super. You can select the same model, okay, otherwise, it will ask you the money. If you are going to be select any other model, okay, via cloud, so it will… it might ask you the money, okay? So select the same model for the testing, for the chatting, so that you can test this Olama, whether it is working fine or not inside your system.
Sunny Savita: So, simply, you can write over here, hello. So, once you will write hello, guys, if it is working fine, see, it will generate the response, okay? So, it is generating a response. You can ask anything. You can ask what is a use of AI, okay? So…
Sunny Savita: Once you will write it, guys, so see, it is generating a response. Getting my point, guys? You can simply exit from here, you can put, slash, question mark. So, once you will put that, you will be getting the different, different commands over here, right? So, let's say if you are going to be write slash buy, so once you will write slash buy, so see, guys, we are onto the same page now, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, we are onto the same page over here. Now, guys, let's say if I wanted to connect with my, cloud code, right? So, cloud, definitely, we are going to be learning in the upcoming session.
Sunny Savita: I capped one specific chapter for the cloud only, because it is a little important nowadays. Every companies are using the cloud, so I capped the one specific chapter for all of you. So, let's say if I wanted to kind of configure this cloud code inside the Olama. So, how I can do that? So, I will simply select this particular option, launch cloud code.
Sunny Savita: And, here, guys, inside the cloud code, it is using this particular model, okay? So, have you heard, guys, have you seen, over the different YouTube videos, use the cloud code with the… use the cloud code with the Olama, use the cloud code with the free model? Have you heard this kind of term? Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Have you heard this kind of terms in the different YouTube videos, or at different other places? So, guys, that is nothing, okay? So, they are just going to be used, cloud… they are just going to be used the model from somewhere, okay? So, if, Olama is giving us an option to use the cloud, okay, in their, in their own, ecosystem, right? So, there we can use the free model also, inside the
Sunny Savita: Cloud Code.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, guys, if you're talking about a cloud code, just tell me, guys. Cloud Code is a paid one, or Cloud Code is a free one.
Sunny Savita: We know right. So we know right. Cloud code is a…
Sunny Savita: Cloud Code is a paid one. All the models from the Anthropic, all the model from the cloud, it's a paid model, okay? But guys, if you wanted to configure the, if you wanted to configure the free model, so yes, you can do it via OLAMA, because Olama is providing, Olama is providing the
Sunny Savita: Cloud Code in their ecosystem, and you can access any free model inside the cloud code, okay? So once I'll click over here, guys, so see, here, I will get an option now, see, it is saying, yes, I trust, it is asking to me.
Sunny Savita: Do I need to give the access of this, current folder to the cloud code, or do I not? So, simply, I can say, yes, I trust through this folder, okay? So, once I will do that, guys, what I'll be getting, so here, you can see, so my cloud code is connected, okay? I already configured the cloud code inside my system.
Sunny Savita: This thing I will tell you later on, okay? This thing I will, tell later on, how to configure the cloud code, how to generate the Cloud API key, okay, what is the use of the cloud co-work, what is the use of the cloud skill, how to create a different MD files, right, to automate your work. So this entire thing we are going to learn inside the cloud chapter.
Sunny Savita: Right? Inside the upcoming chapter. Everything I will tell you.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, if I'm… if I want to test this cloud code, right, whether it is working or not with this free model, so I can simply write hi over here.
Sunny Savita: So, it will generate the answer. See, it is generating an answer. Means my cloud code is working fine with this free model, right? But as of now, you don't need to worry about that, because we haven't reached this particular stage, right? If someone wanted to configure, you can do. Otherwise, you don't require that. I'm just giving you the quick overview of the OLAMA.
Sunny Savita: That what all things we can do using the OLAMA, okay? In our RAC chapter, in our upcoming chapter, again, we can come to the… again, we can come to this particular part, and we can explore more about it, right? But as of now, I'm just giving you the overview of the OLAMA, that what all things could be done by the OLAMA over here, right? Now, over here, I can ask any more thing. Let's say if I'm writing, what is a…
Sunny Savita: RAG system, okay? So, simply, I'm going to be asked, what is a rag system? What do you understand with a rag system? So, it has generated something, retrieval component, benefit of the rag, something like that. Means, my application is working fine. So, if I wanted to exit from here, maybe I would have to press Ctrl-C,
Sunny Savita: Okay, Ctrl-C, so I will be exiting from here, right? And again, I will go to the main menu. So, guys, tell me, are you navigate to this entire menu of the Olama? Yes or no? Are you able to navigate to this entire menu of the Olama? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, so once you will write the OLAMA, once you will write the OLAMA on your terminal after installing the OLAMA, you will be able to do that.
Sunny Savita: Okay? You will be able to do that. Now, guys, here, if I have to check, right? So, see, I told you that if I'm going to be interact with the Ollama, so I will just select this particular service, chat with Model. Or let me show you the other services also, see, we can configure with the open claw also.
Sunny Savita: then Open Code is also there, Codex is also there, Copilot CLI is there, Droid is there, and LaunchPi is there, okay? So, different, different, basically, options are there.
Sunny Savita: But as of now, we don't require any such thing. Simply, I wanted to show you how you can pull the model from the Olama Hub, and how you can configure that model inside your local, okay? So, again, I will click on this chat with model. So, it is showing me this particular model, okay? Guys, just a second, let me check.
Sunny Savita: How to get a… The parent, screen, okay? Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Let me check one thing, because I would like to show you one thing. It is giving me model directly over here, but
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Set, show, show model, load model, save model, clear.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, no, no, no, help, shortcut, okay.
Sunny Savita: If I'm going to be right, show over here, so show W.
Sunny Savita: showing… okay, it is a model information, right? Now…
Sunny Savita: If I'm going to be right… slash sect.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we can set the different, different parameter over here.
Sunny Savita: If I'm going to be right slash exit…
Sunny Savita: So I will exit from here. If I'm placing CTRL-C, this is fine.
Sunny Savita: By default, actually, it has selected this particular model. So, guys, are you getting a different option over here while you are selecting chat with a model? That'll be yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: I think you are getting a different option, right? Yeah, Kimi and other, other different option.
Sunny Savita: But it has selected by default model for me. Let me check how I will get that,
Sunny Savita: Default blog model… Okay, there's a chat assistant.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, if you are able to see, then it is fine, but as of now, it is not showing to me that, right? No worries, guys, it is not showing to me, okay.
Sunny Savita: Maybe if you will do it first time, no? If you will do first time, so here, you will get an option, actually.
Sunny Savita: Here, basically, you will get an option.
Sunny Savita: See, here I'm getting a by-default model, this Nemotron 3 Plus Super, which is connected directly with the cloud, okay? But maybe you are getting a different other option over here, key me another different option. Are you getting it? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, no worries, right? So, press right key, is it?
Sunny Savita: Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it. Yes, yes, yes. I think you are getting this particular option, right?
Sunny Savita: Sorry. That's what I'm not able to get, means, how I'll get. I thought, like, there is some command, okay? Because they have changed the interface completely, and I haven't used this OLAMA from a long time, okay? Since a long time, I haven't used this particular OLAMA.
Sunny Savita: So, they have changed something something. So, you just need to press the, arrow key, okay? Right arrow key, and you will be getting that. I think you're getting this particular option now. Guys, can you tell me? Cloud, cloud, cloud, cloud, cloud?
Sunny Savita: than this Gemma 4 Queens 3.6, okay? So, what I wanted to tell you here, let me tell you one thing. So I'm going to be open my Blackboard now, okay? So, with the Blackboard, basically, I can explain you.
Sunny Savita: So guys, I told you about the Olama, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so using the OLAMA, what we can do, you know, we can access the model, we can download the model in a local, we can download the model.
Sunny Savita: in our local, okay? And the second thing what we can do, we can directly access the model, okay? We can directly access the model
Sunny Savita: using cloud also. What is the meaning of the cloud, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: what is the meaning of the cloud, guys? So, Olama already hosted this model, okay? Olama already hosted the model.
Sunny Savita: Right? Olama already hosted the model, their model.
Sunny Savita: Now, we can access those particular models after installing the OLAMA, right? Now, if we're talking about the Ollama Cloud, so can we access every kind of model? No. So, if…
Sunny Savita: If we are… accessing… the model… via OLAMA Cloud.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Olama Cloud. We can only access… we can only access limited model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Limited model in… pre-version.
Sunny Savita: In free version, we can only access the limited model, right? If we have a paid version.
Sunny Savita: If we have a paid version, paid version of Olama.
Sunny Savita: Then, we can access… we can access.
Sunny Savita: Different.
Sunny Savita: Adhar?
Sunny Savita: models also, okay? Now, guys, if we're talking about download in the local system, so it is going to be downloaded in a local server, tell me, yes or no. So here, it's going to be download.
Sunny Savita: It's going… to be download, okay? It's going to be download.
Sunny Savita: Ovada.
Sunny Savita: local server. So on whatever server you are working, whether it's an AWS machine, whether it's an Azure machine, whether it's your own system, right? So it's going to be downloaded over the local server.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Guys, can you see my blackboard? Is it visible to all of you? I think it is visible to all of you, correct? Okay. Now, guys, but if we're talking about the cloud, right, if we're going to be accessing the model from the Olama cloud.
Sunny Savita: Olama Cloud. So, are we going to be download this model in a local, or directly we are accessing from the Olama Cloud? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, directly, we are going to be accessing the model from the OLAMA cloud. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, no, here the API key is not required.
Sunny Savita: If you have installed the Ollama inside a local system, here the API key will not be required. Directly, you can fetch that. You just will have to be signed up over the OLAMA, okay? If you're doing it first time, you will just have to be signed up over the OLAMA, and then you can access the model from the OLAMA cloud.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? But if you have a free access, right, if you have a free access, in that case, guys, you can only access the limited number of models, but if you have a paid version, in that case, you can access that different type of model, different other advanced, different other advanced model also.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what is the advantage of the OLAMA Cloud? The advantage of the OLAMA Cloud is, you will not… you will not have to be download the model in your local server. You don't need to take an overhead to managing the model. You're just going to be access the model from somewhere else, right, which is hosted by someone.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Right? So you can think in such a way, you are watching a movie over the Netflix.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you're just taking a subscription of the Netflix, and you're watching the movie. Are you downloading that movie in your local phone, in your local storage, on your local TV, or somewhere else?
Sunny Savita: No, right? You're just watching that movie over the Netflix, you're just watching the movie, or you're just watching that movie over the Amazon Prime, okay?
Sunny Savita: But guys, let's say if you wanted to download that movie in your local, so that's a different case. So if you were to download the movie in your local, you will… you required some, you required some storage, okay? You required some, basically storage, and you required a good system to hold that movie, to run that movie in 4K, 2K,
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So, watching a movie directly over the, like, Netflix, that is a different thing, which is similar to the Ollama Cloud, and downloading a movie in your local and then watch it, that is a different case. It is similar to the downloading a local model in your local system, okay?
Sunny Savita: Over here, guys, I hope this thing is clear. Just tell me, guys, is this thing clear or not? Just give me a quick thumbs up if this thing is clear.
Sunny Savita: Yes. Okay. So, guys, here, you can see, if I wanted to connect with my Olama cloud, I can simply do it.
Sunny Savita: Let's say if I wanted to access this particular model, this, coin 3.5, okay? So what it is saying to me, tell me, guys, here what it is telling to me, if I'm selecting this particular model. Can you see over here?
Sunny Savita: What it is selling to me, guys, tell me, fast.
Sunny Savita: Where it went, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here, it is saying you just need to be upgraded, okay? So you just need to be what? I just need to be upgraded that, okay? So, if I'm going to be upgraded, then only…
Sunny Savita: If I'm going to be upgraded, guys, then only I can access that model, right? Then only I can access the model, otherwise I will not be able to access that model
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, if you have a paid version, then only you can access that particular model. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Is this part clear or not? Only this Nemotron 3 SuperCloud model you can access freely, okay? Now, coming to the next part. How to install the model, or how to fetch the model, okay, in your local.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the local guys, how to fetch that model in your local? So tell me, as of now, whatever I'm writing over here, so it is coming from the local, or it is coming from the cloud model, cloud model, which is hosted by the Oldama Cloud. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: whatever I'm asking over here, it is coming from the local model, or it is coming from the Ollama Cloud model. It's coming from the Ollama Cloud model, okay? Now, over here, what I will do, I will write buy, and I will close this particular screen, okay? So, let me close this particular screen, and let me press the SCAP over here.
Sunny Savita: So, now, guys, you can see I don't have anything. Now, what I'll do, guys, I will write over here, OLAMA list. So, once I will write OLAMA list, it will show me what all models, basically, I have inside my local. So, tell me, guys, this model is from the cloud, or this model from the local?
Sunny Savita: This one, Nemo Trone 3 Super Cloud. This one. So this model, basically, I'm accessing from the cloud itself, from the
Sunny Savita: From where, guys, tell me, this model, basically, I'm going to be directly accessing from the Olama Cloud. But guys, if we're talking about this model, Llama 3.21B, so this model isn't… it is in my local, or I'm accessing from the cloud, directly Olama Cloud.
Sunny Savita: So this model, basically, I have inside my local. Now, can you tell me what is the size of this model?
Sunny Savita: What is the size of this particular model? Can you tell me? So the size of this particular model is 1.3 GB.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, the size of this particular model is 1.3 GB. Now, guys, let's say if you wanted to take any other model, if you wanted to download any other model, how you can do that?
Sunny Savita: how you can download any other model, okay? So, to download any other model, it is also very simple. You just have to be write one command, olama pull, or olama run.
Sunny Savita: So once you will write that OLAMA pull or olama run, you will be able to do that. So, let me show you how to do that. So, open a terminal, and there, write this command, olama.
Sunny Savita: Run. Now, what… which model you are going to be fetch, guys? Tell me which model you are going to be fetch.
Sunny Savita: You can fetch any sort of a model. Ola Ma is providing you the option of the different, different model. Now, over here, guys, see, you have an option of the different, different model. Can you see the different model over here?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no, guys, tell me yes or no. So, we can access any other model. Okay, so let's say if I'm going to be search the DeepSeek model. So, in the search model, I'm writing over here, DeepSeek.
Sunny Savita: So, once I'll write this DeepSeek, I'll be getting a different model from the DeepSeek itself, right? So, let's say if I'm going to be writing this deep-seq R1, okay, 7 billion model. So, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: It is not giving me… I think I will have to remove the filter over here. Yes. So I'm getting this Deep Sea Carbon.
Sunny Savita: So what I'll do, guys, I'll take the model name, this Deep Sea Car 1, and I'll write it over my terminal, okay? So I will write it over my terminal. Either I can write OLAMA run, or I can write OLAMA pull. Anything I can write. So, I will write OLAMA run. Now, over here, I will put this Deep Sea Car 1. Now, see.
Sunny Savita: It is going to be pulling the model from the… it is going to be pulling the model from where? From the…
Sunny Savita: Olama Cloud in my local system, okay? From the Olama Cloud, it's going to be pull the model in my local system. Now, tell me, guys, what is the size of the model which is trying to pull?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, what is the size of the model?
Sunny Savita: The size of the model is going to be 5.2 GB.
Sunny Savita: Is it a huge one? Yes or no? Yes. It is a huge one. So this model, actually, it is installing in my local system.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Guys, just give me a second, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me? My voice is audible or not?
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine.
Sunny Savita: So, tell me over here, guys, are we pulling the model? So, from where we are pulling a model, so we are pulling a model, we are pulling a model from Ollama Hub, or from Ollama Cloud to our local system.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, what is a point of installing the model in a local system?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, so that if we are going to be chat with our model, so the data is not going to be exposed to anyone.
Sunny Savita: Many companies are having concern, right? They don't want to be exposed the data to anyone, to any API, okay? So in that case, they can configure the model, they can configure the model on their own server for the security purpose, for the data privacy purpose. Understanding my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, you can configure this, model, you can, basically load this model on any sort of a server. There is no such restriction. But tell me, guys, if we are going to be load 5GB model, 9GB model, 15GB model, so it's going to be… take so many competition power.
Sunny Savita: Is it correct or not? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So it's going to be take… it's going to be take so many computation power, and in that case, your system is going to be slow.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Your system is going to be slow, okay? So here you can see it is pulling a model. Now let me stop this particular… now let me stop this particular process. I already pulled one model, LAMA3.21B, okay? So this model is just having 1 million of parameters, and the size of the model is the 1.3 GB.
Sunny Savita: So I can pull any small model only, so I have one more name. So either you can write this OLAMA run, or you can write this OLAMA pull.
Sunny Savita: Either you can write any command, okay? You can write pull, or you can write olama run.
Sunny Savita: So, once you will write this poll, and you will provide the different model, so it will be pulling the model inside your local system. So, let me give the different model name. So, this model, Quan 2.5 Coder 1.5B, is having a little smaller size, okay? So, see, guys, it is pulling a model now, and tell me what is the size of this particular model? Can you tell me, guys?
Sunny Savita: What is the size of this particular model? So the size of this particular model is going to be 986MB.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is smaller compared to the previous one.
Sunny Savita: Understood, yes or no? Is it getting cleared to all of you? If it is getting cleared, you can let me know in the chat. And how to pull the model on your local server, is that part clear or not? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: If that part is clear, you can, give me a quick thumbs up in the chat, so that I can proceed, okay? And I will provide you the different, different command of the OLAMA, so that you can practice inside your system.
Sunny Savita: So, what is the benefit to pull the model in a local server? Tell me, Asis, what could be the benefit?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, Asis, what is the benefit?
Sunny Savita: I wanted to know from your end.
Sunny Savita: So the benefit, basically, you can use that model offline also, if you don't have any sort of internet connection, right? If you're just working, if you're just working with any small use case, okay, without any API key, without any internet, so you can use that model offline.
Sunny Savita: Right? To run that model, to run that model, internet is not required.
Sunny Savita: The second thing, basically, internet is not required, and even no API cost.
Sunny Savita: The third thing, basically, better privacy. Okay, so you are going to be install the model on your local system. In that case, you will have the better privacy.
Sunny Savita: your data is going to be stay on your machine itself. Getting my point, yes or no? Tell me. So, if you're going to build an enterprise solution where data is a main concern, okay? So, in that case, you can take this particular approach.
Sunny Savita: For the sensitive data. You can configure the model on your local system, on your local server.
Sunny Savita: Get my point, guys? Yes or no? So, you have a full control of the model. You have a full control of the model. Now, it is pulling the model, so it is pulling somewhere. It is keeping the model somewhere. It has created one by default, location inside your system, and it's pulling over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, now the thing is going to be clear. So, how's the session so far?
Sunny Savita: Yes, if you have a GPU, then it's going to be performed well in that case, right? So, if you wanted to check where it is pulling the model, where it is creating the model, so simply you can check with your system. So, just go inside your drive, so this is my folder.
Sunny Savita: Where is my folder? Sunny folder. Okay, inside the Sunny folder, maybe it has created one Ollama folder, okay? This .olama. Now, inside this .olama, can you see this model, guys? Is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: So, inside this OLAMA model, you will be getting the model file, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, you will be getting the models over here. Can you see, guys? See?
Sunny Savita: So I'm able to load the model, so this is my model, guys. This is my model.
Sunny Savita: This is not a model, actually. This is just a file, maybe it has capped the model somewhere.
Sunny Savita: So, you can check out with this particular,
Sunny Savita: You can check out with this particular folder itself. You will get a model somewhere.
Sunny Savita: Oh, it is a cache…
Sunny Savita: You can check out, guys, okay? You can check out in local, you will get the model over here. Means the model will be available in your system itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, if you wanted to check what model you have.
Sunny Savita: See, the model is successfully loaded, the model is successfully installed on your system. Now, if you will write OLAM a list.
Sunny Savita: So, see, how many models we have now?
Sunny Savita: So we have this Quen 2.5 coder, and this Llama 3.21B. Now, guys, if I wanted to use this particular model, so how I will do that? I will simply write OLAMA run, and I will provide the model name over here, okay? So let me provide the model name.
Sunny Savita: So this is the model name, guys. See? I'm able to use this particular model now. So, if I write, hello, how are you?
Sunny Savita: How are you, bro? So it will return the answer. So, see, guys, it's going to be generate the answer. Are you able to generate that, guys? Are you able to load the model? You can use any sort of a model.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you?
Sunny Savita: You can check, Kanshan, that setting, I think you can do it. Olama might give you the flexibility, you will have to be deep dive over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? So how many people are able to follow me till here? Now, tell me, guys, how many people are able to follow me till here? So that… so that I can show you how to access this model via Langchain, okay? Because we are going to be using the langchain. We are going to be using the langchain in our application.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be building the application using the langchain only, correct? So how to access this particular model using the lan chain? I will tell you now.
Sunny Savita: So I think we can utilize a couple of free through the Olama, yes. Whatever model is being provided, Nippun, whatever model as the open source, whatever model is being provided by the Olama, Olama, right?
Sunny Savita: those models only you can access, not every model. If Opus is available freely, you can check out that, okay? Feel free to check out that.
Sunny Savita: Okay. You can check out, guys, see, now you will be having 3 folders over here, maybe, so just go with the olama.olama, models is over here. Manifet, register model, library, see, now we have 3 models over here, okay? So, this is the model, and you can open that.
Sunny Savita: I think it's just keeping the metadata or something like that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so the model is available in your local now. So, here's the size and all, everything it is showing.
Sunny Savita: You can explore more about it. So guys, model is available in a local after pulling it. You can list that model, how to list that model. You will simply write ollama list.
Sunny Savita: And you will get that. Now, the main question, how to access this particular model, how to access this particular model via Langchain, okay? So, I'm going to open my code now, the previous code itself. Can you see my code? Is it visible to all of you? If it is visible, just tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Just let me know in the chat if you are able to see this particular code, okay? So guys, over here you can see, I have written a different, different command of the OLAMA. You can check out, see olama serve, ulama pull, olama run, Eula Olama List, olama PS, okay? So let's check out the PS also. So here I'm writing CLS first.
Sunny Savita: And then, Olama.
Sunny Savita: B.S.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Olama PS. Now, once I'll write it, guys, so I'm getting this particular model, so it is using this GPU processor, context length, and it is giving some detail, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, it is showing that image detail, maybe. Then, olama list, I think I already shown you Ollama serve. Now, let me check with the Olama serve also. So, Olama serve, okay?
Sunny Savita: So once I'll write this OLAMERSERV,
Sunny Savita: So it is saying, listen, TCP, only use the E socket address. Okay. So what we can do, guys, we can serve the model on the specific address, on the IP address, and then we can, basically.
Sunny Savita: And then we can access that particular model, we can make the HTTP request to that particular model, okay? And we can generate the response out of that, okay? If you wanted to know more about it, I have created one YouTube video on top of it, just check out with my rack playlist. I think I created one rack, one video on top of the rack, rack from scratch using the Ollama. There you might get it, okay? So how to serve the… how to serve the model on top of the specific,
Sunny Savita: URL, okay, on top of the specific port number, so we can serve that. As of now, this port is busy, so I cannot serve over here, I can serve on the different port, okay, to access that. But guys, if we have a link chain, in that case, we don't require this serving and all.
Sunny Savita: Right? Otherwise, you can serve this model, you can access that model, you can make the HTTP request to that, okay? And on top of it, you can create an application. As simple as that, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, see, these are the other command, show, stop, okay, remove. If you want to remove any sort of a model, you can remove that. Now, how to access that particular model via Langchain? So, this is a simple code for that.
Sunny Savita: I hope you are able to see this particular code. Now, let me give you the quick overview. So, we are going to be import this chat olama, then we are going to be import this system message and human message. I hope so this thing is clear. I already discussed in my previous session, okay? What I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be executed.
Sunny Savita: Now, before, executing this cell, please make sure that you have this, you have this Lang channel Lama inside your require.txt.
Sunny Savita: And you have already installed this, Langchain Ollama inside your current virtual environment. If you don't have that, you can simply write over here, Langchain.
Sunny Savita: Olama, okay? Because this is required. So if you don't have this particular package, in that case, you might get error. So this package should be there inside your current virtual environment. Got it, guys?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, what you have to do… so here is my notebook. Now, what I'll do over here… So, I will import this chat Olama from the Langchain, and I will write the system message, human message, just to provide a prompt, okay, to my model. Now, here, guys, chat OLAMA, then I will write the model name. Now, tell me over here, guys, which model name I'm going to be right over here.
Sunny Savita: So the model which is having locally, right, so the model which is available in my local system, so the model which is available in my local system, so that model name I'm writing over here. So if I will check over here, if I will write over here, Olama Liz.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Oh, Llama list. Now, I'm getting this Quan Llama Nemotron. Now, instead of this, instead of this Llama 3.2, right, if I'm going to be write a name of any other model, let's say if I'm writing over here.
Sunny Savita: If I'm writing over here, GPT OSS, right? GPT OSS. Now, tell me, guys, will I be able to access this particular model?
Sunny Savita: Will I be able to access this particular model?
Sunny Savita: If I'm writing this model name over here, will I be able to access this model?
Sunny Savita: No, guys, I will not be able to access this particular model, because that model is not available in my local. So first, I will have to pull that model, okay, and then only I can access that. Making sense to all of you, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, what I'll do, I will simply run this one. So, see, my LLM is loaded. Now, I will provide a message. So, you are a helpful AI assistant, explain RAG in a simplest word, in AI, okay?
Sunny Savita: And here, this is my message, and this particular message I'm going to be provided to my LLM, right? So see, LLM is going to be generate a response, and you can check the response over here.
Sunny Savita: So, it is saying rag, this is that, and it is generating something we call accuracy and generalization. Means this model is not good enough.
Sunny Savita: This model is not good enough, okay, so we can use the different other model. Now, tell me, guys, did you understand how to access the model via OLAMA?
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you? Yes or no? You can pull any sort of a model, and then you can utilize that particular model. Let's say if I wanted to use any image generation model, okay, or image-to-text model, I can simply pull that model, and I can, basically give…
Sunny Savita: Give that, message to that particular model in a same way, like, we were giving in the previous,
Sunny Savita: In the previous, API, right? In the previous model.
Sunny Savita: testing in the same way you can provide over here, because Langchen is providing you the common interface, right, common way to writing a message to the model.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Is it getting clear to all of you? So guys, if you wanted to use the model from your local, will you be able to do it or not? Tell me yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, via OLAMA, you can access the model from your local itself. Either you can serve it, but as of now, I haven't shown you the serve part, so that after serving, you can make a request, HTTP request, to that particular model, okay? Here, I have shown you via Langchain. So Langchain is handling everything, so if you wanted to use the model from your local system.
Sunny Savita: You can do it via o la ma.
Sunny Savita: How many people are able to understand that? Tell me yes or no. How many people are able to understand this thing? Just let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: If you are able to understand, then I think we are good to go, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, can you access the model from cloud in Langshin? Yes, I think we can do it. So…
Sunny Savita: you can write a different model name over here. Let's say if I'm going to be right…
Sunny Savita: that cloud-available model. Maybe I can do it, okay? So just let me check it, let me test it.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the model name.
Sunny Savita: And I'm mentioning this model name over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is my LAM LLM2, okay? So, LLM2, I have loaded, now this is fine. Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be make one more request via LLM2, and this is going to be my response too. So, let me check whether this is working or not.
Sunny Savita: So, here I can simply see…
Sunny Savita: this model is working, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, see, this model is working. Is it working or not? So, you can access the cloud model also. But…
Sunny Savita: Only free one, not the paid one.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: How many people are able to get, how to access the model via?
Sunny Savita: OLAMA. It is very simple, it is very easy, and I think everyone can do it now. Everyone can import the model, everyone can basically configure the model, okay, everyone can configure the model via OLAMA, and…
Sunny Savita: everyone can access from there, okay? You don't require any API key.
Sunny Savita: You don't require any API key over here.
Sunny Savita: Abhi is asking, explain again. Abhi, what I need to explain here? Everything is clear now.
Sunny Savita: Should I explain over the blackboard?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Let me write over there, if you want that.
Sunny Savita: So, Olama is what? Olama is a AI platform, okay? So, Olama is a AI platform.
Sunny Savita: platform, or you can say it's an AI operating system, something like that, right? Which is providing you the different, different service. But our meaning to access the model from there. So there is two ways. One, you can download, second, you can access via OLAMA Cloud. But if you're talking about the Ollama Cloud, in that case, you can access only limited amount of model.
Sunny Savita: But if you wanted to access some good model, in that case, you will have to pay something. Now, here, you don't require any API key. You just need to set up the OLAMA inside your server, okay?
Sunny Savita: And after that, you can access the model via OLAMA. Now, here, guys, I have shown you how to access the model via Langchain, right? So, we have used the Ollama
Sunny Savita: Right? We have used the Ollama for pulling the model from the OLAMA hub, from the Ollama Cloud, and that particular model we are accessing via the Langchain, so that we can integrate in our… any pipeline. So if I wanted to build a rag, and wanted to access the model via OLAMA, we can do it.
Sunny Savita: We can surely do that, okay? So that thing, we will look into the upcoming session in our RAC chapter. As of now, you can practice with this. If you have an issue with the API key, if you don't have anything, if you wanted to configure the LLM on your local, then I think this is one of the best choice. We have other option also. We have a
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face, right? With that, also, we can download the model. We have LM Studio, right?
Sunny Savita: we have, we have several other options, right? But OLAM is the best one.
Sunny Savita: OLAMA is the best one, means you can utilize this OLAMA, and then using this, OLAMA, you can create an application, okay? This OLAMA-based model, you can configure this OLAMA via Langchain, you can access the Ollama model via Langchain, and on top of that, you can build the RAG or the Agentic application. Making sense?
Sunny Savita: Okay. What is the best configuration to run…
Sunny Savita: for the best configuration to run, OLA manual local. So, again, I would suggest to you, at least you should have 16GB of RAM.
Sunny Savita: If you don't have 16GB of RAM in that case, your system might be stuck. Don't experiment with the heavy model, just experiment with a smaller model, like I did, okay? If you're going to be experimenting with a heavy model, in that case, your system might is stuck. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Please brief about LM Studio. Beer, you can explore about it. It is just a platform similar to the Olama. You can check out, okay? You can explore by yourself. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can access, you can download any sort of a model in your local, freely.
Sunny Savita: This is right, Manuja.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys. Can we close this whole armor now? Can we move to the next chapter? That is going to be our fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: If you agree, if you are good to go, then I think we can move, okay?
Sunny Savita: Sir, how to remove locally model using the OLAMA? I have simply given you the command. So, here is a command, guys, you can check out this command, olama RM.
Sunny Savita: model name. So if you're going to be provided a model name after writing this OLAMA RM, you will be able to remove the model, okay? Even I can show you, let's say if I wanted to remove any model, I want to remove this
Sunny Savita: Quan 2.5 coder, I'll simply write over here, olama RM, so let me write OLAMA RM, okay? And then I will provide this model name. So, here, guys, you can see the model is deleted. Now, if I will check out again, OLAMA list, in that case, I will not be able to get that particular model.
Sunny Savita: So if you wanted to dilute that model, you just have to be right olama RM.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: How Olama knows I'm connecting to cloud or local, how Olama will get to know that, hmm?
Sunny Savita: First, if you will do it first time, you will have to sign up via OLAMA. See, I already did it over here, but if you are going to be accessing any cloud-based model, you will have to be signed in first, okay? Then only you can access. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Very simple thing.
Sunny Savita: So, should I take a break now? Tell me, are we good to go? Are you enjoying the session with me? Are you learning along with me? Tell me, guys, if yes, you can give me a quick thumbs up, and tell me how was the session.
Sunny Savita: Can we attach an image as an input example as a math question? Yes, so big.
Sunny Savita: can do it. Here, I've shown you the way, how you can provide the image-based input also, but you require that kind of model in that case. So, here I mention one example, Olama Pull Bakalava, okay?
Sunny Savita: It is not that baklava which we eat, right? It is a model. I think baklava is a Turkish dish. I don't know. I haven't…
Sunny Savita: head.
Sunny Savita: But yeah, you can pull that model, and then you can, provide your image and all, and then you can…
Sunny Savita: Basically generate a response.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Turkish sweet, because, yeah, I don't eat sweets and all, right? So, my wife likes lots, but I don't.
Sunny Savita: So that's why I know this name, this…
Sunny Savita: Bucklava or something like that. So that's why I've written this name over here.
Sunny Savita: This is a model from the, Llama itself, from the meta itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: How to deploy a model if using locally hosted OLAMA? You just need to pull that model on any server, so big. Got it?
Sunny Savita: So, can you explain the OLAMA serve? OLAMA serve is nothing, you can serve that model on any, URL, okay? So, that we can discuss in the, in the rack chapter, because there, it will be useful. I'll, again, discuss over there. Got it, Manish?
Sunny Savita: Okay. As of now, I've just shown you how to access the model via Langchain. That is my main name, which I'm covering, which I covered even in the previous classes also, right?
Sunny Savita: No, Ruchi, you can use that. You can even, take the model… you can directly use the model from the Olama Cloud also. I've shown you, Ruchi, correct?
Sunny Savita: how Langshan identify the model is from the local or from the cloud. Once you will log in now, see, once you will write this OLAMA,
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: And you will use this option, chat with a model.
Sunny Savita: So, here it will ask you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here it will ask you, to use the cloud model. At that time, you will have to sign in. So once you will sign in, means automatically your server is connected with a cloud. So Langchen automatically will be able to use that particular model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, Amit? Is it getting clear? Right?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: What was the… what I have to press over here? I think this…
Sunny Savita: Guys, what was a command to check out that menu? I think someone was saying, no, press that right key or something.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, not that bye.
Sunny Savita: right arrow. It's not working again. Right arrow.
Sunny Savita: Don't know what is the problem with it.
Sunny Savita: In the previous menu, first quit, is it? Did I have to quit? Okay, no worries, I think you know, you can do that, guys, okay? So once you will sign in now, automatically it will be connected, right?
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, so I think we can take a break, and after that, we'll start with a new topic. So after that, guys, we are going to be start with the fine-tuning. So, did you like this entire module, guys? Module 2?
Sunny Savita: Oh, sorry, Module 3, guys, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: I think we are in Module 2, correct? So, I think you liked how to access a model in a different, different way. And now,
Sunny Savita: like, it is very easy to use any model from any sort of a place, right? Whether we are going to be… create a rack system, agentic system, in both… at both places, we can utilize a model from the… from any
Sunny Savita: From anywhere, right? From any of the places. So I'm giving you this require.txt and this IPYNB as well, so you can utilize that.
Sunny Savita: And where you will get it, you will get it on my GitHub itself, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, where I can find out the earlier assessment record, it is already there with the dashboard. Got it, Anil?
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, I post the code over the GitHub itself, you can take it directly from there, you can take a poll.
Sunny Savita: So, I'm giving you the dinner break, and we'll meet after 18 minutes. Is it fine, or should I put for the 20 minute?
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's take for the 20 minutes. Thank you, guys. Then we'll start with the fine-tuning, so don't drop the session, it's going to be important. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we start with the session now?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, someone was saying, this, the requirement.txt is not updated. I think it is updated. You can see the latest,
Sunny Savita: a package name. Or you can check out the latest commit, okay? So how you can check out? Just go with the commit.
Sunny Savita: And then here, just click on this latest commit.
Sunny Savita: you will find out the changes, whatever changes I have done over here.
Sunny Savita: So just click on this require.txt.
Sunny Savita: you will get the latest changes. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Clear or not? Great. Now, guys, one more thing.
Sunny Savita: Regarding the badge, if you have any doubt related to the badge, right, whether this or, means, whether you need to join the AgentTech AI one, a couple of people were also asking, you can discuss in a doubt session. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Now, one more thing, guys. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: So, hi, any multimodal concepts are pending, I think we have got a high level only. Yeah, some theoretical points out there, just read it out there, okay? Otherwise, I can, showcase in the, fine-tuning chapter, okay? Don't worry, again, I will give you the quick recap of that. It is there.
Sunny Savita: It's just a self-explanatory point, nothing else. I already discussed the model and all everything, so once you will read it now, you will get that, okay?
Sunny Savita: Fine.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, what is going to be our next chapter? So, let me open the syllabus, and we are going through the syllabus only. So I hope you have access of the syllabus. I already shared the link multiple times, right? You can check out with my GitHub itself. So, there I mentioned. So guys, we already completed the foundation, right? And now we understood about the LLM, SLM, and multimodel.
Sunny Savita: Then guys, we understood about the API access of the LLM, okay? How to access the API… how to access the different, different LLM SLM using the API, okay?
Sunny Savita: So I… whatever I mention over here, I shown you that. Now, you will understand more, like, about Azure, OpenAI, AWS, Bedrock. So, this one will show you in the cloud part, okay? So, once I'll create an account over the cloud, and once I'll show you.
Sunny Savita: how to deploy the application over the cloud, okay? So, at that time, I will discuss about the Azure OpenAI, AWS Bedrock also, how to access the model via them.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, the next thing is what? So, here the next thing is the fine-tuning, okay? So, from here only, our real, generative AI is going to be start, the fine-tuning techniques. So, guys, here you can see, so we have, different, different topic related to the fine-tuning. I will summarize how to, basically.
Sunny Savita: Perform the fine-tuning, how to…
Sunny Savita: basically, do the fine-tuning on your custom data, okay? We'll understand the different, different thing over here. Now, here, after that, there is one project, so we'll see whether we can go with this project, right after the fine-tuning, or at the end of this, at the end, whenever we are going to be discussing the other project also, at that time, we'll take this particular project, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then directly, we'll start from the prompt engineering and the rag and all, okay? So, nothing is there.
Sunny Savita: So, fine-tuning, basically, will take at least 5 classes, 4 to 5 classes, okay? Because there is a different concept which we need to understand. Okay, so guys, let's begin, let's start with the fine-tuning. So, do you have any understanding, any idea about the fine-tuning, guys?
Sunny Savita: If yes, you can let me know. And don't worry about these notes, I will share all these notes, entire notes, with all of you.
Sunny Savita: So that you can go through with it, okay? So, fine-tuning is nothing, it is just a way to, tweak the model knowledge, okay? So how to tweak the model knowledge? We need to understand that thing, so that comes under the fine-tuning itself.
Sunny Savita: So, just a sec, let me keep this particular…
Sunny Savita: paragraph inside the notebook itself, so I'm keeping it over here.
Sunny Savita: Along with the Olama, okay? Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, if we're talking about the fine-tuning. So, what is the fine-tuning, and why we are learning that? Okay, so guys, from here, be sincere, because our main thing is going to be start now, and this is going to be an important one, right?
Sunny Savita: So, we'll understand how to train the model, and what all framework is required, each and everything, I'll discuss over here, right?
Sunny Savita: So, if we're talking about the fine-tuning, so it is nothing, it is just a way to tweak a knowledge of the LLM, right? We already have our LLMs, I just… if I just want to tweak the knowledge of that LLM, okay, in that case, what I'll do
Sunny Savita: In that case, basically, I will perform the fine-tuning of the model.
Sunny Savita: So, let me take a very basic definition of the fine-tuning, let me keep it over here. So, with that, your understanding will be a little bit clearer. So, I hope this definition is visible. If it is visible, let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: So, what I written over here, just read it out, okay? So, fine-tuning is a process to taking… fine-tuning is a process of taking an already trained model
Sunny Savita: and training it further on a domain-specific, on a task-specific data, so that it performs better for the particular task, okay, for the particular use case. So this definition, it is a self-explanatory definition, okay?
Sunny Savita: This definition is a self-explanatory definition, and I think just by reading this definition, you can understand about the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, are you able to understand what I'm trying to say over here?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Right? Everyone is able to understand. Everyone is able to understand what I'm trying to say, right? Now, guys, I discussed one thing. If you remember, in my previous classes, I discussed the pipeline, okay, the training pipeline of the large language model. So, can anyone tell me what all steps are there if we are going to train any LLM? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: LLM.
Sunny Savita: Training.
Sunny Savita: pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: LLM training pipeline. So, we're talking about the LLM training pipeline. So, mainly, we have 3 stages of it.
Sunny Savita: How many stages, guys? Tell me. So, we have 3 stages of this LLM training pipeline. So, let me write all the steps one by one. The first stage is called the pre-training of the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: pre-training of the model. The second stage is called the instruction fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: instruction.
Sunny Savita: Point.
Sunny Savita: Tuning.
Sunny Savita: This instruction fine-tuning, it is also called a supervised fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Right? So let me write over here, supervise.
Sunny Savita: Fine.
Sunny Savita: tuning.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Then, the next is called the preference alignment, okay, or preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: The next is called a… Preference.
Sunny Savita: Good evening.
Sunny Savita: or preference alignment. Or preference training, anything you can say, right? Preference training is a correct word. So, guys, we have 3 stages of any LLM training pipeline.
Sunny Savita: So, are you able to recall all these steps? Tell me yes or no. If you're able to recall, just let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: In the previous classes, I already discussed about all these steps, right? Now, guys, let me draw something, and with that, your understanding will be a bit more clear, okay? You will understand from which stage we have to fine-tune the model, and how to fine-tune the model, right? So, this first block.
Sunny Savita: Our first block.
Sunny Savita: Right? Then, this is my second block.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Then this is what, this is my third block.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So how many blocks we have? We have three blocks. The first block, second block, and the third block. I hope it is visible to everyone, alright? So let me delete this, let me delete this.
Sunny Savita: Now, let me copy with the same size, okay? So, this is the first one, this is the second one. So, here I'm writing. What I'm writing, guys, this… this steps is going to be very important of… please focus over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Because today, I'm just giving you the introduction, and tomorrow, and after that, whatever week will come. So, 4 more classes, 4 to 5 more classes, at least 4 classes, we are going to be spent on the fine-tuning. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, actually, see, most of the people in many companies, in many enterprises, you will not be doing a fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay, 99% time, either you are going to build a rack system or agentic system, but you are not doing a fine-tuning. But still, you have that knowledge.
Sunny Savita: is still you have some knowledge how to do the fine-tuning, okay? Because it is good for the interview perspective, and it is good if you will get any… if you will get a chance to fine-tune any model anywhere, right? So, the first stage is called pre-training of the model. So, let me write over here. I'm just going to be right.
Sunny Savita: pre-training.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, this pre-training, where we do the pre-training.
Sunny Savita: This pre-training we do on the internet-scale data, okay? Pre-training on… Internet.
Sunny Savita: Scale data. So, what's the meaning of the pre-training, guys? Tell me. What do you understand with the pre-training?
Sunny Savita: So, pre-training is nothing, just to teach a model.
Sunny Savita: What to tease the model? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Just to tease the model.
Sunny Savita: About the language, okay? It understands the language, understand the… it understands the context behind the language, okay? It understand… what it understand, guys, tell me?
Sunny Savita: It understands the, each and every grammar, right? Each and every, basically, deeper context, okay, behind the language.
Sunny Savita: Now I'm audible, now I'm audible, guys. Can you hear me? Sorry, sorry, yeah. So, here, guys, if we're talking about, if we're talking about a pre-training, so inside the pre-training, we are going to perform the next token prediction. Don't worry, if you lost me, my voice, don't worry. Again, I will repeat that part, right? So, if we're talking about the pre-training, so inside that, we are going to be predict the next token. Now, which model we are going to be use?
Sunny Savita: Which module of the transformer we are going to be used, tell me.
Sunny Savita: So, we are going to be using the decoder.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Decoder of the transformer. All the current LLM, whatever LLM you are able to see, right? Whatever littress LLM you are able to see, there people are using a decoder, actually. So, here we are going to betraying our decoder on top of the very huge scale of data. Now, after that, what comes?
Sunny Savita: After that, guys, what comes? Tell me. So, the same model we are going to be pick…
Sunny Savita: We are going to perform the supervised fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: So, let me write the next step, which is going to be what? Which is going to be…
Sunny Savita: supervised fine-tuning, okay? Or this is also called the instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: instruction.
Sunny Savita: tuning, right?
Sunny Savita: tuning. Now, over here, what I return, I return instruction tuning, or supervised fine-tuning. So, let me small this character.
Sunny Savita: So that it can fit in our… Box, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just a sec, let me keep it over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, what comes? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: After that, guys…
Sunny Savita: After that, guys, what comes? After that, preference tuning comes, okay? So, what is a preference tuning? What kind of data we require in the preference tuning, each and everything we are going to discuss. Even I will show you the data set and all everything, right? So, preference tuning. So, here is what? Here is the…
Sunny Savita: preference.
Sunny Savita: tuning.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Let me keep it over here, just a second. I am just going to be… Smaller size, and C.
Sunny Savita: So those 3 boxes is clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: If it is clear, just give me a quick thumbs up.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, here, what we can do… Ida, si.
Sunny Savita: We have a pre-trained model, okay? So here, basically, what we have, we have a pre-trained model. Let me write over here. So…
Sunny Savita: At this particular stage, we have…
Sunny Savita: pre-trained model. Okay, so I'm just going to be highlight over here.
Sunny Savita: pre-trained model. At this particular stage, we have a fine-tuned model, supervised, fine-tuned model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Specifically, we are going to be tune that model for the conversational purpose, okay? On input side, we have one side of conversation. On the output side, we have another side of the conversation.
Sunny Savita: Now, preference alignment means we are going to be… align our model with the human preferences. In whatever… in whatever way human wants our answer, okay, on top of that particular data, we are going to be align our model. Got it? Now, guys, see.
Sunny Savita: So, let me write over here, let me write one more thing. Here, what will come? I just… I can write by myself.
Sunny Savita: So here, we have a pre-trained model, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is my…
Sunny Savita: pre-print model.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, what do we have? Here we have a… Fine-tuned model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Find.
Sunny Savita: Tune.
Sunny Savita: model.
Sunny Savita: Right? And here we have a final step, which is called the preference-tune model, okay? Or we can say the final model.
Sunny Savita: Final.
Sunny Savita: model.
Sunny Savita: with preference tuning.
Sunny Savita: with preference unique.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Now, guys, what we can do, see, we can take the model from any of the stage, okay? What is the meaning of that? We can take this pre-trained model.
Sunny Savita: This pre-trained model, and we can perform our own custom fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Right We can take the pre-trained model.
Sunny Savita: And we can perform our own custom fine-tuning. So let me draw over here.
Sunny Savita: what we can do, guys, tell me, we can take a pre-trained model, and we can perform our own custom fine-tuning. So this particular thing, this one.
Sunny Savita: Actually, this particular block, it is representing to what?
Sunny Savita: this particular block, it is representing to the custom fine-tuning, this one. Okay? So, here we are… what we have, we have a pre-trained model, and we can take that pre-trained model, and we can perform our own custom fine-tuning. So, just a second, let me again draw this one.
Sunny Savita: This diagram is going to be very, very helpful, guys. And here, you will understand the crux of the fine-tuning, okay? The core of the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: So, this is what? This is my custom fine-tuning, right? Then, guys, what we can do? Even we can take an instruction fine-tune model, or supervised fine-tuned model, okay? This particular model, and from this particular stage also, we can perform our own custom fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: our own custom fine-tuning, right? Even we can pick the model, we can pick the model from here as well, from this particular stage, okay? From this particular stage, and we can perform our own custom fine-tuning. So what I wanted to say, I wanted to say, I can pick the model from any of the place.
Sunny Savita: Okay, from any of the stage, and we can perform what? We can perform our own custom fine-tuning. So this… this circle, which you can see over here, it is representing… it is representing to the custom fine-tuning. So let me write over here what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to write…
Sunny Savita: Custom.
Sunny Savita: point.
Sunny Savita: tuning, okay? Or the fine-tuning, basically, which is being done by me only, okay? So what you can do, guys, over here, tell me.
Sunny Savita: you can perform your own custom fine-tuning. Now, what kind of custom fine-tuning you can do? So, either you can do the SFT over here, right? Either you can do the SFT, means the instruction fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Right? Or you can do your own preference tuning. So, two types of custom fine-tuning you can do, on top of any model. From any stage, you can pick up the model, and you can perform this two kind of fine-tuning. The first fine-tuning is called what, guys? Let me write over here. The first fine-tuning is…
Sunny Savita: Yor.
Sunny Savita: Custom.
Sunny Savita: your custom SFT, okay?
Sunny Savita: Or it is also called the instruction tuning.
Sunny Savita: instruction.
Sunny Savita: tune.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So, this is the first one.
Sunny Savita: Or second thing, what you can do, guys, second one, basically, you can do the preference tuning, okay? So this is the first one which you can do. The second what you can do, guys, let me keep it over here.
Sunny Savita: And let me ride.
Sunny Savita: The second is called the your own preference tuning, okay? Your own preference.
Sunny Savita: tuning.
Sunny Savita: So, tell me, guys, is it clear to all of you? Till here, are you able to understand what I'm trying to explain? So, I'm trying to say over here, let me write this in a clear manner, so that…
Sunny Savita: you will be able to understand, because this diagram is going to be very much important. If you're able to understand this particular diagram, then you will not be confused inside the fine-tuning, because you will find out so many videos, so many things related to the fine-tuning, but literally, you even don't know what model needs to be fine-tuned, from where we need to be fine-tuned, what is the meaning of the preference tuning, and all everything, right?
Sunny Savita: So that, I'm going to be clear from scratch itself. So let me write it one more time.
Sunny Savita: So this is my pre-trained model, okay?
Sunny Savita: And again, guys, I will give you the example.
Sunny Savita: Right? This is my… pre-trained model.
Sunny Savita: This is my… Fine-tuned model.
Sunny Savita: Fine-tuned model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this is what? This is my… preference tune model.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: preference tune model. So, this particular technique was introduced by the ChatGPT, by the OpenAI preference tune.
Sunny Savita: model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Now, let's take an example.
Sunny Savita: With this particular… with that example, your understanding would be a bit more clear, right? Now, for this fine-tuning, guys, what we are going to do, see, for this fine-tuning, we are going to be understanding two frameworks. So, using this two framework, we are going to be implement this entire fine-tuning, right?
Sunny Savita: The first framework is going to be Hugging Face, because Hugging Face is a base, and we need to understand about the Hugging Face, okay? So, Hugging Face is going to be what? Hugging Face is going to be base. So, we'll understand the fine-tuning using the Hugging Face modules.
Sunny Savita: The second, the second framework which I'm going to be used over here, that's going to be Unslot.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, using the unslot, guys, we are going to be understant N-sloth, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, using this unslot framework, we are going to be understanding the fine-tuning. So, ASFT, preference tuning, everything, guys, we'll understand over here, right? Now, if we're talking about the fine-tuning, so there is two types of fine-tuning. The first fine-tuning is called the full fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Full fine-tuning. And the second type of fine-tuning is called… the second time of fine-tuning is called the partial fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Partial, fine.
Sunny Savita: tutoring. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, in the partial fine-tuning, we talk about the partial fine-tuning, so we discuss about the Paft.
Sunny Savita: PEFT, which is also called the parameter Efficient Fine Tuning. And one of the way of implementing this partial fine-tuning is called the LORA, L-O-R-A, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, full fine-tuning and partial fine-tuning. So, we'll mainly focus on the partial fine-tuning, because full fine-tuning is not possible in the LLM model, right? But maybe a couple of people are confused over here. Sir, you have written over here pre-trained model, then you have written over here SFT, means fine-tuned model.
Sunny Savita: Then you return over here preference tuning, and then again you written custom model. What is the meaning of it?
Sunny Savita: means I'm not able to get… if I have this particular stage, right, if I have this particular model, the fine-tuned model, right?
Sunny Savita: Then why I have custom model, and how to perform the tuning on the custom model, right? So, we need to understand this stage again, or we need to be understanding this entire thing with the example, right? With that, your understanding will be very much clear. So, it's confusing, like, already with the instruction, fine-tuning that again? Yes, so that is what I wanted to tell you, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, see, you know about the meta.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: You know about the meta. So, who's a meta, guys?
Sunny Savita: I can give you the very good example, and with this particular example, you can understand.
Sunny Savita: So, we're talking about the Meta. So, Meta is a company.
Sunny Savita: and Meta have released… Meta have released one model.
Sunny Savita: What's the model name, guys? Tell me. The very famous open source model of the Meta, which is called the Llama, okay? So this company have released one LLM, Large Language Model, and the large language model name was what? Was the Llama, okay?
Sunny Savita: Llama model. Now, this Llama model, actually, it is available in 3-way. It is available in 3-way for us to consume, right? So, the first way.
Sunny Savita: So the first way of the model, right, the first version, or the first variant of the model is called the pre-trained model, which is a proper raw model.
Sunny Savita: It is what guys tell me.
Sunny Savita: pre-trained model. It is completely raw model.
Sunny Savita: The second is… instruction fine-tuned model, okay?
Sunny Savita: instruction.
Sunny Savita: fine-tuned model.
Sunny Savita: Which is released by the Llama, right? So this model is fine-tuned by the
Sunny Savita: by the meta people itself, by the meta-engineer itself. The third type of model is called the preference tune method, preference tune model, okay? Now, what all method we have for the preference tuning, right? How to do the preference tuning, everything we are going to be understanding, don't worry, okay? Preference tune model.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: So…
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the meta, so it is a company, it has released one model that is a large language model. The model name is Lama. So this particular model, we can consume in a three-way. The first is a raw model, which is a pre-trained model.
Sunny Savita: The second is an instruction model, instruction fine-tune model, and then third is a preference-tune model. Now, can you tell me, guys, where we can find out this model? If we're talking about this model, from where we can, from where we can, basically download this model?
Sunny Savita: From the Hugging Face itself, okay? So let me show you all this model from the Hugging Face directly. So what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be search over the hugging Face, okay? So, once I'll open my Google, and here I will write, what I'll write, guys, I'll write over here, Llama.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Lama 3 8B, right? So once I'll write Lama 38B, guys, what I'll be getting? See, this is a model which I open in front of you.
Sunny Savita: It is providing by whom? Can anyone tell me? Who is providing this particular model?
Sunny Savita: Meta Llama is providing this model, okay? And what is our model name, guys? The model name is Meta Llama38B. So I can copy this ID, I can copy this name, and I can keep it in my notes itself. So this is my pre-trained model, guys, this one. This one. Meta Llama.
Sunny Savita: 38B, okay? And it is providing by the meta company itself. It is a raw model.
Sunny Savita: What is the meaning of the raw model? They just took the internet data, they've trained the decoder part of the model, means they trained the model, the meta model, okay, it is a decoder only. And how they have trained the model? They just taught the model how to predict the next token.
Sunny Savita: How to put the next token. So they've just given… they just have given the journal knowledge to the model. They've just given the basic understanding, or the basic knowledge of the model… basic knowledge to the model. They took the data from the entire internet.
Sunny Savita: They collected the data from the entire internet, okay? And then did piece to the model how to predict the next token. So this is my raw model, okay? This is my raw model. Now, if we're talking about the second kind of model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what you will write over here, along with this name, right? So just write SFT over here, SFT. So once you will write SFT, guys, now tell me, guys, this one. Can you see this particular model? So what have been written along with this model? Tell me, Meta Llama38B Instruct. What is the meaning of this?
Sunny Savita: Meta Llama 38B Instruct. So, this model, it is already trained by the meta people on top of the instruction dataset.
Sunny Savita: on top of some input and output data, okay? So let me take this particular model, and then what I can do, guys, I can simply keep it over here, this model, right? So this is my instruct model, which is already trained, which is already trained by the metapil on some instruction data set, right? So let's say if I'm going to be right over here, what I'm going to be right
Sunny Savita: Alama 38B, RLHF, okay? RLHF.
Sunny Savita: So, if I'm going to be right over here, RLF Chef, so you will get the RLHF model. Now, see over here. This is what, guys? This is the RLHF model, means, which is trained by the metapil on top of some instruction data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, there is a three stage of the model. One is the raw model, which is called the pre-trained. Second is called the instruction-tuned model, and the third is called the preference alignment model. Okay? Preference alignment model is the latest technique, it is just introduced by the ChatGPT. It is just introduced by the OpenAI, sorry, okay?
Sunny Savita: and then it is adapted by the different, different companies, right? So this is the model, the same model, Llama model, Llama 38B, RLHF, okay? It is stayed on some 100K, something like that, something on this data. Again, I will discuss the differences, what are the differences between the SFT and the, and the RLHF, okay? The preference tuning, everything we'll discuss over here, right?
Sunny Savita: So, here is what? Here is my third model. This is my third… threerd model, right? Now, tell me, guys, did you understand the differences between this raw model
Sunny Savita: instruction model, and this RLHF model. And same model is being provided by the… and the same model, basically, is being provided by the same company, right? This Llama 3B8B RLHF, it is…
Sunny Savita: fine-tuned by someone other, means it is available in the open RLHF repository, right? So, guys, see, what I wanted to say over here.
Sunny Savita: I wanted to say over here, you can get any model.
Sunny Savita: You can get any model from any of the stage.
Sunny Savita: But the thing is, you can fine-tune that model on your own custom dataset.
Sunny Savita: You can fine-tune that model on your own custom dataset.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, what I wanted to say over here. Tell me yes or no, right? Everything we'll discuss, what is our pre-trained data, how it looks like, what is our, what is our instruction data, how it looks like, okay? And what is our preference-tune data, and how it is looks like, okay?
Sunny Savita: So what I wanted to say over here, see, my meaning is very, very simple. My meaning is, whenever we're talking about the LLM,
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, this LLM is being provided by any of the company. Let's say here I'm writing.
Sunny Savita: It's being provided by the Meta company, okay?
Sunny Savita: It's being provided by the Mistral, right? Mistral company. Or it's being provided by any XYZET company, whatever company, right? So, there is a three stages of the model, 3 stages of the LLM model. The first stage, it is called the pre-training.
Sunny Savita: pre-training.
Sunny Savita: It is a completely raw model.
Sunny Savita: It don't know anything. Means, it is completely raw model, means it is just know how to predict the next token. It did not train on any input and output. It did not train on any supervised data. It did not train on any instruction data, okay? So this is completely a raw model.
Sunny Savita: The second stage of the model is called the supervised fine-tuned model, or it is also called the instruction model.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: It is also called the instruction. Now, here, we are teaching to the model. Now, here, guys, what we are doing… so here, basically, we are teaching… guys, who is doing that?
Sunny Savita: why I'm getting it. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So here, guys, at this particular stage only, at this SFT only, we are teaching to the model how to follow the instruction. So we are training our model on some input and output data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Input and output data.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? Yes or no? Now, the third one is called the preference alignment. Third stage is called the preference tuning. Again, this stage is not mandatory every time, but yeah, if
Sunny Savita: This stage is not mandatory every time, guys, this preference alignment, this…
Sunny Savita: preference alignment, okay? But yeah, nowadays, it is being done.
Sunny Savita: Nowadays it is being done, just to tease the model how to… how to respond according to the human preferences, okay? Now, again, here, we train our model on some input and output data, but again, the data,
Sunny Savita: the data have some notation, okay? Which input is being preferred by the human, which is not prefer… which is not being preferred by the human, something like that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, some annotation we have inside the data, and definitely I will discuss that. So, what I wanted to say over here, whatever company, whether it's a Meta.
Sunny Savita: Okay, whether it's a Mistral, or any model from the Google, or any model from the… any open… any company, any other company, Alibaba, or…
Sunny Savita: from anyone, right? Any open source model. So, it is having three stages always, pre-trained, SFT, and preference tuning. So, we can pick the model from any of the stage, okay? We can pick the model from any of the stage, and we can perform our own custom fine-tuning, okay? So, either we can take the pre-trained model, either we can take this SFT model, either we can take this preference-tuned model, okay? So.
Sunny Savita: model from any of the stage, and we can do our own custom tuning. Now, what is the meaning of the custom tuning, guys? Custom tuning means, it is very, very simple. Custom tuning means train the model, okay, train the model.
Sunny Savita: train the model, On your own data.
Sunny Savita: on your… own.
Sunny Savita: data. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Is this thing clear to all of you? Tell me. So, we can pick the model from any of the stage, and we can perform the tuning. Now, let's take an example. Let's take one very good example. So, let's say Meta have released this
Sunny Savita: this model, okay? What Meta have done.
Sunny Savita: have released this particular model. So, this model basically just trained on some internet data. It just… it is trained on a massive internet dataset, and it knows how to perform the next sentence prediction, okay? Sorry, next token prediction, right? Then what metadata
Sunny Savita: Right? What Meta did. So, they took
Sunny Savita: Yes, I think you are doing it by mistake. Please, check, okay, with your mouse. So, guys, if we're talking about this meta model, this Meta Llama 38B, right? And then, we have the other one, which is the other one, guys, this one. Okay, Meta Llama.
Sunny Savita: 38B instruct, right? So this model, again, trained by the meta itself. So, they had the raw model.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, what they have done, so they have trained.
Sunny Savita: this particular model, they have fine-tuned that for the… they have fine-tuned this model, okay, on some instruction data. Now, how the instruction data looks like, I can show you that as well. I have so many examples, and I'll give you the different, different example. But if you wanted to know, I can show you right now. So, I can write over here, instruction…
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning data set, okay? So, if I will write this thing, so you will get so many instruction fine-tuned data set, so you can check out with any of the data set. There, you will be having two columns. One is an input column, and the second is going to be an output column, okay? So, I can show you with any dataset. See, here, basically, we have a target, means here we have an input, and then we will be having the output.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Means the instruction, right? So, this is the input, and this is the target, guys. So, in the instruction data set, we will be having the… in the instruction data set, basically, we will be having an input, and we'll be having an output, okay? So, I will give you the… so many examples. As of now, just understand whatever I am explaining.
Sunny Savita: So Meta have this model, this is a pre-trained model, then Meta have, again, trained this model. Meta again have fine-tuned this particular model on some instruction data set.
Sunny Savita: Just to teach the model, okay, what here… what Meta is teaching over here to the model? Meta is teaching how to follow the instruction, right? How to follow the instruction.
Sunny Savita: So, Meta is teaching over here how Boo.
Sunny Savita: Follow. The.
Sunny Savita: instruction, okay? How to follow the instruction. Now, how to follow the instruction means how to follow the conversation, how to follow the input and then generate the output, okay? Meta is teaching that to the specific model. Now.
Sunny Savita: I wanted to build a model in my own company, right? So, what I'll do, guys, I'll… see, I got a requirement, I got a use case. What is my use case? My use case is very, very simple. I am running one pharma company.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, according to this pharma company, basically, I have to train my model, I have to fine-tune the model, okay? So, pharma company, inside the pharma company, I have some document.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Document on molecule.
Sunny Savita: Molecule is studying.
Sunny Savita: Right? Document on molecule study, right? So, on this particular dataset, I wanted to train my model, but
Sunny Savita: to train a man… to train a LLM, to train a LLM from scratch.
Sunny Savita: Right? It is… difficult.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is difficult. To train a LLM from scratch, it is very difficult. So what I'll do, guys, I will…
Sunny Savita: I will take any open source model.
Sunny Savita: open source model. I will download it, own my…
Sunny Savita: I will download it on my own server, right? I will download it on my own server, and then…
Sunny Savita: And then… I will…
Sunny Savita: And then I will fine-tune that, okay? So, I will check what all model is there. So, when I was figuring out the model, I figured out, okay, so here is this model, this particular model, this two models. MetaLama83B and MetaLama 8.3B instruct, right? So, what I have done.
Sunny Savita: I have taken this particular model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I've taken this particular model.
Sunny Savita: And this particular model I have trained, I have trained.
Sunny Savita: I have trained, owned my… on my own.
Sunny Savita: own pharma dataset. What I've done, guys, I've trained this particular model on my own pharma dataset. Getting my point? Yes or no? So I took this particular model, this Metallama model, and what I have done, I have trained this, if I'm saying training over here, so this training
Sunny Savita: is nothing, it is a fine-tuning, okay? I've… I have fine-tuned this particular model on my own dataset. Now, over here, see guys.
Sunny Savita: We have one more model, this one, MetaLama 3B Instruct.
Sunny Savita: So, I am an engineer, right? I am a LLM engineer. I know what is the difference between the raw model and the instruct model. So, raw model just knows the language, but this particular model knows language along with the instruction, means how to follow the instruction, based on the given input, how to generate the specific output. But tell me, guys, this model knows how to follow the pharma-based instruction
Sunny Savita: production.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, yes or no. So, this model knows how to follow the pharma-based instruction, this particular model. No. This model don't know how to follow the pharma-based instruction, okay? So, my requirement, what was my requirement? So, when I was working, right? So, when I was working, see.
Sunny Savita: use case was pharma, right? Inside the pharma document… inside the pharma, we have a document on molecule study, right? So I have to train… to train a model from scratch is very difficult, so I have to take any open source model, and I will download it on my server, and then I will fine-tune it. Now, over here, my requirement
Sunny Savita: My requirement was the… My requirement was just… My requirement was just to…
Sunny Savita: generate the data, okay? Just to generate the data. Not the conversational AI.
Sunny Savita: Right? Not the conversational AI. What was my requirement?
Sunny Savita: My requirement was just to generate that data. This is my requirement, okay? My requirement is not a conversational AI. So, if my requirement is not a conversational AI, I will not go with this particular model, this instruct model. Because here, this instructor model is specifically designed for what? For the input and output.
Sunny Savita: Okay, for the input and output. Means, based on the given input, how to follow the… how to generate the specific output.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so until my requirement is not a conversational AI, until my requirement is not a chatbot.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Until my requirement is not a question answering, I will not go with this particular model.
Sunny Savita: My requirement is simple generate a report, to simple generate a data, okay? If my requirement is to simple generate a data, what I'll do, I will go with this particular model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this particular model, and I will further train it on my own dataset, okay, this particular model. But guys, if my requirement is
Sunny Savita: to build a conversational AI. If my requirement is to build a conversational AI, to build a chatbot, to build a QA system, I will pick this model, okay? And then…
Sunny Savita: Further, I will.
Sunny Savita: fine-tune it.
Sunny Savita: own my… own dataset.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is this thing getting clear or not? Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: We'll format the data, okay?
Sunny Savita: How are those decisions made?
Sunny Savita: How are those decisions made means what?
Sunny Savita: You are the person, now you are the AI engineer, then why you are studying all this thing if you're not able to make this decision, huh?
Sunny Savita: Mega?
Sunny Savita: We'll have to deep dive that. Deep dive into the research paper, the working of the model. That's what we are understanding now. How I know this thing, because I have learned all those things. I have worked on those things. I have an experience. I have a learning experience. Then only this decision is made.
Sunny Savita: Right? So if you know this thing, if you have deep dive into the research paper, the architecture of the model, how the model is working, right, how the different, different companies have trained the model, if you have read the different, different forum of the community, if you have followed the Unsloth, if you follow the Hugging Face, then you know that this… then you know this thing.
Sunny Savita: Right? And this also comes from the experience.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is it getting clear to all of you which model to pick? Any model, okay? You can just check out with the leaderboard, whichever model is performing well in the open source community, you can pick that model, if you can afford that. Otherwise, use any small, model, SLM model, and then train that model.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Good.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, is this thing clear or not? Tell me, how's the introduction so far? Are you able to understand, at least the flow of the LLM training?
Sunny Savita: And this knowledge is very deep dive, guys, because this knowledge is very important, guys, okay? If you don't know, then you will confuse very much. See, I can pick any NLM model, and I can show you the fine-tuning. It's just a 5 minute of, 5 minute of work, okay? With onslaught.
Sunny Savita: But guys, this thing you will have to understand, and I can show you this entire thing practically.
Sunny Savita: Right? This thing… I can show you, this entire thing I can show you.
Sunny Savita: Practically, right? Now, see, if we're talking about, if we're talking about this, I think this, this use case is clear, this particular use case is clear.
Sunny Savita: this one, whatever use case I told you over here, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I will explain, you know, Gopal. Everything I will explain, just believe on me, just give me 4 to 5 sessions related to the fine-tuning. Everything is going to be clarified, guys. Your each and every doubt, okay?
Sunny Savita: Please. Now…
Sunny Savita: input and output, then you can, perform the… further, I will, fine-tune it in my own data set, right? It is clear. Now, over here, guys, see, if we're talking about… now, let me discuss a couple of more things over here, so that your fundamental will be more clear.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: the sec… see, the first thing is what?
Sunny Savita: use case and all everything, I will show you, okay? I will pick the same use case, the farmer use case only, and on top of that, we are going to be trained the model, right?
Sunny Savita: Step by step, we are building this, step by step, guys, what we are doing, we are building this particular concept, right?
Sunny Savita: So, the first stage is called the… tell me, guys, what is the first stage?
Sunny Savita: It is a pre-training. And don't worry, guys, just believe on me, I will show you each and every kind of data, okay? This is called the pre-training, and this stage is also called the unsupervised… unsupervised learning. Sorry, unsupervised pre-training.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Or it is also called, Tell Me Guys, Self-supervised.
Sunny Savita: Self-supervised learning.
Sunny Savita: Already I discussed this entire thing. Now, the second one is very important, guys, okay? And we have to spend most of the time over here itself. The second is called the SFT.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now just focus over here, just focus over the SFT, just understand the flow of the SFT.
Sunny Savita: When we're talking about the SFT, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, SFT is called the supervised Fine Tuning, right? So, let me explain you something about it, and then tomorrow, also, we'll discuss about it, and I'll start with the hugging face, okay? I'll discuss some practical and all, and then your understanding will be very much clear.
Sunny Savita: And don't worry, I will give you this entire note so that you can go through, and I will add on a few more things over here, right? So we're talking about the supervised fine-tuning, so what is the meaning of it?
Sunny Savita: The supervised fine-tuning means we have an input and output inside the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the dataset, guys, so here we have an input and output.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about this particular data, do we have input and output over here?
Sunny Savita: No. We don't have input and output over here. This input and output basically is being created, okay? That data will be created in the pre-processing stage. Now, this SFT, basically, we can understand on a different level. So, first thing is called the parameter level.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Let's understand, oh no?
Sunny Savita: parameter level.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about the parameter, guys, see.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the model, so in the model, what we are going to train?
Sunny Savita: In the model, we are going to be trained the parameter.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is a parameter, guys?
Sunny Savita: What is a parameter? Now, parameter is nothing. It is a weights and biases. Everything, guys, I show you visual… I will show you via images, and I will show you via practical, okay? But first, focus over here, it is very important to build the, basics, okay? Weights and biases…
Sunny Savita: is called the parameter. Now, we're talking about a transformer model.
Sunny Savita: So, where you will get the weights and biases, where you will get the weights, guys, tell me if we're talking about a transformer. So, in the self-attention layer.
Sunny Savita: In the cell potential layer, do we have weights and biases?
Sunny Savita: In the cell potential layer, you have this.
Sunny Savita: Q.
Sunny Savita: K… and B metrics, right? So this is your weight matrix.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about the feed-forward neural network.
Sunny Savita: So inside the feed-forward neural network also, we have a weights and biases, okay?
Sunny Savita: We have our weights. So this is nothing, this is the parameter.
Sunny Savita: Which is being trained.
Sunny Savita: Is this thing clear or not? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Is this thing clear or not? So, on a parameter, if we're talking about the parameter level, so there is two things. The first is called…
Sunny Savita: The first is called the full parameter fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Full fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: And the second is called, guys, second is called the partial fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: partial.
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the full fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about this full fine-tuning, guys. So here, we are going to be trained
Sunny Savita: all the parameter, right? So what we are going to do, we are going to do, we are going to be trained all the
Sunny Savita: parameter.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be retrained, All the parameter, okay?
Sunny Savita: Train is not a correct word. If you are doing a fine-tuning in that case.
Sunny Savita: I will have to say retrain over here, right? Retrain all the parameter. If I'm saying parameter, guys, it's nothing, it's a weights of the model, okay? Weights and biases of the model.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, if we are doing a re… if we are retraining all the parameter, so this is a very expensive thing, right? This is what, guys? This is a very expensive thing, and over here, guys, we required a…
Sunny Savita: We required a huge GPU power, okay? We required what, guys? We required the huge GPU power.
Sunny Savita: And the second is what, guys?
Sunny Savita: The second, basically.
Sunny Savita: A huge infrastructure, okay?
Sunny Savita: use infrastructure.
Sunny Savita: So, full fine-tuning is not possible.
Sunny Savita: And even, we are not going to be perform the full fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: The second is called the partial fine-tuning, and here only, we are going to be spend our most of the time in the partial fine-tuning. Now, what is the meaning of the fine-tuning? Partial fine-tuning, guys? We are going to be trained
Sunny Savita: We are going to be trained subset of parameter, okay?
Sunny Savita: We are going to be trained subset of parameter.
Sunny Savita: Subset of what, guys? Subset of the parameter, okay? So, we have a two-method of it. We're talking about the partial fine-tuning. So, we have two methods of it.
Sunny Savita: The first method is called the old school method.
Sunny Savita: Alright? The first method is called the old school method.
Sunny Savita: In the old school method, what we are doing, if we're talking about this old school method.
Sunny Savita: So there, guys, what we are doing, see, if you know about the CNN,
Sunny Savita: You know about the CNN guys, and the different, different architecture of the CNN, like VGG.
Sunny Savita: Okay, ResNet.
Sunny Savita: Right? So these are the different, different architecture of the CNN, and there we are going to be using this technique, and even we are going to be using this particular technique inside the board.
Sunny Savita: Okay, inside the bot…
Sunny Savita: Right? Inside the T5. So, in the early stage LLM also, in the early stage LLM also, or inside the computer vision also, so the CNN, basically, it comes under the computer vision, right? So there, actually, we are going to be using this old-school method.
Sunny Savita: So what is this old school method? So here, guys, what we are doing, let me write over here, inside this old school method.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be freeze.
Sunny Savita: all the bits.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we are going to be freeze all the layers.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And train only.
Sunny Savita: And train what? Train only.
Sunny Savita: Last layer, okay, last output layer. So this is the first thing.
Sunny Savita: Train only last output layer.
Sunny Savita: The second is what, guys? The second is called fridge.
Sunny Savita: Freeze.
Sunny Savita: SUM.
Sunny Savita: starting layer, Free sum is starting layer.
Sunny Savita: And… retrained, retrained.
Sunny Savita: The remaining last layer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, tomorrow I will show you with the diagram and all everything. As of now, just understand, right? Freeze some starting layer and retrain some remaining last layer.
Sunny Savita: So, this was the old-school technique.
Sunny Savita: which we were using inside the CNN, inside the BERT, BART, and T5.
Sunny Savita: But if we're talking about… if we're talking about what guys see. Here, if we're talking about the training guy, so this training is nothing, it is a retraining.
Sunny Savita: Because we already have a model, and we are going to retrain the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? But guys, this particular technique, this technique, frees some layer
Sunny Savita: some starting layer, and retrain the remaining last layer. So this is going to be fail inside the latest LLM.
Sunny Savita: Because latest LLM, actually, it's a very huge LLM.
Sunny Savita: This latest LLM, actually, it's a very huge architecture.
Sunny Savita: Huge architecture.
Sunny Savita: And in this case, this particular technique, again, it's going to be… take lots and lots of effort, okay? And this technique, actually, is going to take lots and lots of effort, it's going to take a huge infrastructure, right?
Sunny Savita: Freeze all the layer and train only last output layer means we are freezing all the weight as it is, and we are just going to be generated desired output from the last layer. This is the one option, right? And…
Sunny Savita: This one is what? Freeze some starting layer and retrain some remaining last layer of the model, okay? So this is the specific technique which we are using inside the CNN Bird Bar T5. But guys, with the latest LLM, okay, which is having a huge architecture, again, this is going to be fail.
Sunny Savita: Right? This is going to be fail. This particular technique is going to be fail. So here, for the rescue, one more new technique comes, that is called the PAF technique.
Sunny Savita: Right? So the technique is called what, guys. We're talking about the latest technique. So, full fine-tuning, old method, and then we have our latest method. So, the second method is called WAD, second method is called the PEFT.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, PEF means what? Parameter efficient fine-tuning. Now, inside this parameter efficient fine-tuning, what we are doing, we are taking a subset of parameter, or we are taking a smaller metrics.
Sunny Savita: Right? Smaller metrics. Now, because of this fine-tuning, this path fine-tuning, what we can do, we can train our model even on the single GPU and even over the small VRAM, right? So, only small infrastructure is required.
Sunny Savita: For this particular technique, only a small infra is required. A small infra means what? A small infra means we can train our model with a single GPU,
Sunny Savita: Okay? And even with a small VRAM.
Sunny Savita: VRAM is nothing, it is a RAM which we use inside the GPUs, okay?
Sunny Savita: Which we use inside the GPU. Now, over here, guys, see, if we're talking about the technique with that we can achieve the PAFT.
Sunny Savita: So, LoRa is one of the techniques for that.
Sunny Savita: Laura.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: if we are going to be extending this LoRa, so…
Sunny Savita: We have one more extended version of the LoRa, which is called the Q-LoRa, this one.
Sunny Savita: Right? If we're talking about the full form of the path, so this is nothing, parameter-efficient fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: parameter.
Sunny Savita: Efficient.
Sunny Savita: parameter. Efficient.
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if we're talking about the LoRa, so we have an extended version of the LoRa, where we have a quantized model. So this queue is nothing, it is just representing to the quantized model.
Sunny Savita: Now, quantization is nothing just to convert the precision of the data, right? So, we are going to be convert float number
Sunny Savita: From a float number into the small float.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Of load number, we are going to be converting to the integer.
Sunny Savita: Right? Integer. So this is what, guys, this is the quantized version. Now, we have other technique also. Not… LoRa is one and… not only one of the technique, we have other technique also, so let me write over here. DORA is one of the technique, D-O-R-A, right? With that also, we can achieve the…
Sunny Savita: Okay, parameter efficient fine-tuning. Now, we have other technique also, like, BitFit is a technique, okay?
Sunny Savita: BitFit is a technique, this IA3 is also a technique, okay? IA3 is also a technique, right? So these are nothing, these are some technique to achieve the PEFT, but the very famous technique which we use in the industry, that is a LoRa, which is a very efficient, and even the DORA also.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This is more optimized, and it is the latest one.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys, yes or no? Tell me. Is it getting clear to all of you, what I'm trying to say over here, right? So, LoRa, DORA… no, inside the DORA, basically, see, again, it is a variant of the LoRa only, if we're talking about the DORA. But here, we are doing a weight decomposition.
Sunny Savita: So, there is a specific concept which we are going to be applying over here, which is a weight decomposition, right? Weight decomposition.
Sunny Savita: Right? What is a full form of the LoRa? So, low-rank Adeption.
Sunny Savita: low rank adaption, okay? We'll discuss what is a lower in very detail, and I'll show you with the example also, right? And we'll understand one more concept over here, the concept of the adapter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The concept of the adapter, A-D-A-P-T-E-R.
Sunny Savita: So, we'll understand what is the adapter, what is a LoRa adapter, and how to attach this LoRa adapter to any of the model. Now, here, LoRa actually… LoRa, actually, it is nothing, it is similar to the LoRa only, but here, we are going to be using more specific technique, the weight decomposition technique, right? Weight decomposition, low-rank adapter.
Sunny Savita: Then we have some other technique, like bit fit. Okay, so here we are just going to be trained. The bias is IA3, right? So it is, again, based on some attention, mechanism only. So this we are not going to be used, okay? So I will mainly focus over the LoRa.
Sunny Savita: And then one more variant of the LoRa that is going to be QLoRa, okay? And a little bit, see, this DORA, basically, I will give you as an assignment, so you can perform this DORA as well. So one more level of, basically.
Sunny Savita: one more level of, like, technique we can, understand, right? So, I hope, guys, you are able to understand this entire thing. Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you? Tell me, if we're talking about… if we're talking about the SFT? Now, if we're talking about the SFT, right? So, inside the SFT, right, so what is the technique which we are going to be learned? We are going to be learning the PEF technique.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and under the PEF technique, we are going to be learning the LORA, DORA, and the QLORA.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this is a complete hierarchy.
Sunny Savita: Which I are trying to tell you. Now, the third thing is what? The third thing is called the preference alignment.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: preference alignment.
Sunny Savita: So, the third thing is what, guys? Third thing is called the preference alignment. But again, guys, this preference alignment is not a, basically, mandatory step, okay? But nowadays, nowadays, basically, every, big companies are doing that. Let me show you that. So here, what I'm writing, I'm writing preference alignment chat GPT, okay? So, if I will write it, so I will get some images. With that particular image.
Sunny Savita: I can show you something.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if you have seen that kind of,
Sunny Savita: Response or something like that. Just a second, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if I can show you something… Preferential and ChatGPT… Go to… Bad response.
Sunny Savita: Image ChatGPT, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, guys, can you see this particular image? Is it visible to all of you? This one?
Sunny Savita: So here, if I ask any sort of a question, so ChatGPT is saying response 1 or response 2. Have you got this kind of thing ever?
Sunny Savita: When you are using the ChatGPT, this one.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, guys, what we can do, we can collect this kind of data.
Sunny Savita: We can collect this kind of data, okay? And again, we can train our model
Sunny Savita: Again, we can retrain our model. Again, we can retrain.
Sunny Savita: our model.
Sunny Savita: on top of this particular data, okay? Now, if we're talking about the preference alignment, so couple of techniques are very, very famous. The first technique of it, it is called the RLHF.
Sunny Savita: which is used by the OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And this is based on the reinforcement learning. In the reinforcement learning, we have a specific branch, this is called the deep reinforcement learning, and inside that, we have
Sunny Savita: proximal,
Sunny Savita: let me write over here, PPO, okay? Proximal optimization, right? So, we have what? We have a, this one, PPO technique, proximal preference optimization, right? So, using this particular technique.
Sunny Savita: this particular technique, this RLHF, this RLHF is nothing, it's a framework. It is a… Complete technique.
Sunny Savita: Right? But the actual algorithm which is being used behind this RLHF, that is a PPO.
Sunny Savita: proximal preference optimization, right? The second is called, right, the second is called, which is used by the, DeepSeek, right, Chinese company that is a GRPO.
Sunny Savita: Again, it is an updated version of the RLHF.
Sunny Savita: Okay? The third technique…
Sunny Savita: which is used… which is being used by the latest LLM that is called the DPU. Now, here we are not going to be using the reinforcement learning.
Sunny Savita: Right? And the updated version of the DPO is called the ORPO.
Sunny Savita: O-R-P-O.
Sunny Savita: Right? ORPO. So, what we'll understand, guys? We'll understand about the RLHF, I will show you how to perform the RLHF technique, right? I will show you how to perform the DPO technique.
Sunny Savita: Right? So once you got this RLHF, once you got this DPO, right, automatically you will understand the GRPO, and automatically you will understand the ORPO. So this I will give you as an assignment.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. So, this entire flow is clear of the fine-tuning, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Are you able to understand it or not, right? So let me revise this entire thing so that you can understand. Fine-tuning is a process of taking already trained model and train it further on your domain-specific data, right? For the better performance. Now, we're talking about the LLM pipeline, so we have three stages of that. First is a raw model, second is a instruction-tuned model, and third is a open.
Sunny Savita: sorry, third is our preference-tune model. So, we can pick the model from any of the stage, and we can do our custom fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: If I'm saying custom fine-tuning, means I can perform the SFT, mainly we perform the SFT, or we perform the preference tuning, okay? So, there's two types of tuning we perform. Now, for performing this practical, for performing a practical related to the SFT, related to the preference tuning, we are going to be using the Hugging Face, and we are going to be using the unslot. Now, here we have a two type of tuning. One is called the full fine tuning, which we are not going to do. The second is called the partial
Sunny Savita: fine-tuning, which we are going to perform. Now, we are going to be deep dive into the partial fine-tuning, right? So, here, guys, you can see, we're going to discuss the partial fine-tuning. So, SFT, actually.
Sunny Savita: SFT, actually, it's one of the type of partial fine-tuning. So, if I'm saying SFT, if I'm saying instruction fine-tuning, okay? So this, both, actually, we can, in both, actually, we can achieve the partial fine-tuning, right? So if we're talking about the SFT, we're talking about the instruction fine-tuning. So, we have two levels of it. One is a full fine-tuning, and the second is a partial fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: In full fine-tuning, we are going to be trained all the parameter. In partial fine-tuning, we are going to be trained subset of parameter. For achieving it, we have a two method. One is the old school method, second is the latest method. So, this path, actually, it is a latest method, okay? Inside this path, this LoRa, QLORA, DORA, BitFit, IA3, this, all the technique comes, right? So, we'll explore this LoRa and DORA. Now, we're talking about the preference alignment, in that case, this
Sunny Savita: RLHF, GRPO, DPO, ORP, all these techniques come. So, we'll explore this RLHF and this DPO, okay? So this two techniques.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about the different, different stages of the LLM, right? So, different, different stages of the LLM means, raw model, or instruction-tuned model, or preference tuned model. So, how to pick a model for the fine-tuning? So, that completely depends on our use case, okay? So, over here, I've given you one example. Let's say this is my,
Sunny Savita: this is my what, this is my raw model, and this is my instruction tune model. So, I have a use case where I have a pharma, data, right? Now, I have to train my model. So, if I have to train my model just to generate the data, right, next, sentence, means just to generate a data text generation. So, for that, I will be using the raw model, okay? And I will train my…
Sunny Savita: like, I will train my model on top of my documents, right? But let's say if I have to build any conversational AI, if I have to build a chatbot kind of thing, question-answer, question-answer kind of stuff, right? So in that case, I will take this instruction-tuned model, which already know how to generate the input and output. I will specifically train on my input and output data. I can even take this particular model also, there is no harm in that. But again, on top of this model, it not might
Sunny Savita: perform well, okay? So here, I will already… I have already instruction-tuned model, I will pick this particular model, and further, I will train it on my data set, right? So this is the entire summary for the fine-tuning, guys, and this is, like, very important. If you know this much thing, then I think you are good to go with the fine-tuning. So tomorrow, we'll understand a couple of more things, and we'll directly deep dive into the practical. So tell me, guys, how is the explanation?
Sunny Savita: Did you understand everything related to the fine-tuning? Tell me yes or no. So this is the first level of explanation, now we'll understand more about it, okay? As we will go ahead, so within 4 to 5 classes, we will become a champion, okay?
Sunny Savita: Because, see, I already done the fine-tuning in real time, I already… see, I haven't done the SFT, but I have… I have done the DPO in the real organization, right? So I… I'm pretty much aware about the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: And, I have basically created a very detailed fine-tuning of the, YouTube as well, because of that real experience, right? So don't worry, guys, I'll teach you everything, and, I'll teach you, like, adapter, load adapter, and all everything, right? Because I have explored that site. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Fine, so tomorrow, guys, I'll give you more example, because here I know more example is required, and definitely we'll discuss that, right?
Sunny Savita: So, thank you guys, today I think we are done, rest of the thing we can cover in the tomorrow session, and, we'll,
Sunny Savita: basically continue from here itself, right? Great. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if you don't have… if you don't have any sort of a doubt, guys, you can drop the session, and I can provide you this entire note so that you can go through with it. So, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Let me give you that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, gloss… 18, right?
Sunny Savita: Class 18, and return…
Sunny Savita: notes.
Sunny Savita: What is the date, guys? What is the date? 23 May, right? 23 May 2026.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, give me a moment, I'm giving you this entire note so that you can go through with it.
Sunny Savita: Guys, give me a moment, I'm giving you this entire notes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I have given you this entire notes, please check out the GitHub. And don't worry, guys, this fine-tuning I will teach you as a poetry, okay? So I will design one entire story, and will understand that. Don't worry.
Sunny Savita: So, once you will check out with the GitHub now, you will get the notes. If you got it, then please give me quick confirmation.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so here is the notes, you can take the notes from here itself. Thank you guys, thank you, bye, take care, I'll see you in the next class. Until thank you, bye, take care. If you have doubt, be here, don't drop. I'll take a doubt session after 5 minutes. Thank you, bye-bye, good night.
Sunny Savita: Take care.
Sunny Savita: If you have a demo, Anil, you can showcase in the next class, Anil, okay? So, tomorrow you can showcase, if you wanted to show. 15 minutes, I will reserve for the demo. Got it, Anil?
Sunny Savita: If you have any specific doubt now, Ashish, you can ask me that, right? But I think it's not a good thing to discuss on any other code. That is a different one, right? If you have any doubt, you can ask me. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Thank you, guys. Be there if you have doubt. After 5 minutes, I'll start doubt, okay? Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, let's start with the doubt session. If you have any doubt, you can raise the hand, okay?
Sunny Savita: So… just let me check…
Sunny Savita: And, even I have a Yash with me, so…
Sunny Savita: If you wanted to ask with Yash, you can.
Sunny Savita: So I'm sharing a Google Meet link.
Sunny Savita: So, if anyone wants to clarify the doubt, okay, don't want to wait over here, you can join this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Yash, Sukla.
Sunny Savita: Jyoti, Gupta, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Yash Shukla: Yes, sorry, yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: Yo, yush.
Yash Shukla: Sir, with regarding to Olama model use, you know, using it in our local laptop locally, so, I have my laptop with 8GB RAM, so, will it be issue… for example, if I don't use, because you said it will be too lengthy process and time will be so long. So, is it necessary for me to work with Olama
Yash Shukla: Because I've understood everything which you have told in the class, but is it necessary to implement it.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, it is not, actually. It is not mandatory. If you understood, that is fine, okay? Just keep that knowledge with you. But if you cannot hold the model, any model in a local system, let it be, okay? Don't worry.
Yash Shukla: And sir, with HGBM, will I be facing some other issues in nearby future, or will it be okay?
Sunny Savita: No, you won't, actually, because this fine-tuning and all everything we are doing over the collab itself, so I will not use local system.
Sunny Savita: So, there won't be any such issue. You can easily create a project and all, everything, with the 8GB RAM also, okay? But better to upgrade 16GB, okay? So, you see, if you're into the development side, not in the AI, right? So, keep your laptop, like, the latest.
Yash Shukla: The issue with my laptop is that, it is AMD processor, no? So, the time when I purchased the laptop, I didn't see that it was un-upgradable. So, when I recently found out, after 8GB, it cannot be upgraded. So, that is the main reason, because in the starting…
Yash Shukla: If you're.
Sunny Savita: HGP, then don't worry, okay? You can work with that. Got it?
Yash Shukla: Okay, sir.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Yash Shukla: it is good for heavy tasking. Besides, kook sir abita ko di kartne ay laptop, everything is still going very smoothly.
Sunny Savita: Oh, then it is fine, so…
Yash Shukla: Okay, sir, one more doubt is that, in one of the code, aapne se bolikata ki, system message mehikata, I am an AI, helpful AI assistant, and below that, it was written as human message. To agar, in system message, we write, for example, I am a cricket analyst.
Yash Shukla: And if the human ask message regarding football knowledge, so will there be any, issue or any…
Yash Shukla: No, irregularities in the data shown, or will there be normal things happening.
Sunny Savita: Just experiment with this kind of system message and all, okay? If you are giving a different system message, if you are asking a different question, then what would be the answer, right? So maybe model… this basic model will not able to take care of this thing, but a good model will give you some reply. It means, you are asking a wrong question, you are asking a question about the football, or something like that, okay? Okay. So just, check from your end, just do this again.
Sunny Savita: experiment. Got it.
Yash Shukla: Sure, sure, sure. Thank you.
Jyoti Gupta: Hello, Zoe? Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Are you scoring?
Jyoti Gupta: required output miltata.
Jyoti Gupta: Toh agar ha me real time project mein kaam karte hain, toh ahami kaise different models dekne padhenge performance check karne padegi.
Jyoti Gupta: fine-tuning mein dekhenge pada hai.
Sunny Savita: See, see, see, the best model in the market, we all know, right? It's from the… either from the OpenAI or from the Anthropic. In some cases, from the Google, okay? So believe me, if you're working in a real time, so you're not looking…
Sunny Savita: into so many models. You're just comparing between 2 to 3 models only. Either you will use OpenAI GPT-5, or else you will use Cloud Opus, Sonnet, or maybe Gemini, or Gemini Pro, Gemini Flash, that's it.
Sunny Savita: So we're just going to be make a comparison between this 425 model only, believe me.
Jyoti Gupta: Oh, beautiful.
Sunny Savita: my point, right? Because these are the only models which can work, good work in a real time, in a production-grade system.
Sunny Savita: Not every open source model, those are fine, those are just fine, to know the name, to do some POC, to do some small application, but when you're working in a real time, you will be just working this 4 to 5 model only. Got it?
Jyoti Gupta: Sir, my second question here, mera system 8GB ka here, but since, still mere ola jo ye apne olama, uska setup kariyata pura, advance me. Or uska, command prompt meini chelaho chalbi radar batslu tha meini.
Jyoti Gupta: Toh abi aap job aklah assignment dengue. Uskeil mujah locally download ye kartne padega ya meisko.
Sunny Savita: No, no, not is not required, that's what I'm saying. Now, training-related, all the assignment, I'll give you via collab only, okay? So we'll configure the collab in the next class. Got it?
Jyoti Gupta: Oak, oak.
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, thank you.
Sandeep: Hi, sir. Hi, Sunita.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, guys, give me a second, wait.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please, go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Bhagwandas, you go ahead, please.
bhagwandas armani: Right, thank you. So basically, right, I mean, see, we have quite a few models available, same model being available by the multiple, cloud providers, like, Haiku, so which is also provided by the, what you can say, on the…
bhagwandas armani: mesh AP or something. So, how can they evaluate… I mean, what basis? I mean, is there a… I don't think they will provide the same model, so…
bhagwandas armani: how they would change in terms of the fine-tuning? And second is, how can I evaluate saying that this model is a good fit for my cloud adoption from that cloud provider?
Sunny Savita: Sorry, I didn't understand, can you come again, please?
bhagwandas armani: See, let us say the, this one, what you can say, Anthropix Haiku model, which is available in the multiple cloud providers.
Sunny Savita: Oh, ho.
bhagwandas armani: Right? So how can I judge, okay, saying that this model is good fitment for my requirement? Because if the same model being serviced by multiple projects, there would be some changes, right? How can I decide upon which, what is the difference of change, or how can I understand from that?
Sunny Savita: So, see, the original is from where? Original is from the Anthropic itself, right? Yes.
bhagwandas armani: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: the same you will get over the AWS Bedrock, maybe you will get over the Azure OpenAI, you will get it over the Open Router. Getting my point, right? So, see, the best provider is an Anthropic API only.
bhagwandas armani: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Direct API is the best one. The second best one, I can say it is this one, Enterprise Cloud, AWS Bedrock, and the Azure OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and Open Router is also providing you
Sunny Savita: Different cloud-based model, but actually, it is not a full-fledged cloud-based model, which is…
Sunny Savita: internally being used by the Anthropic, okay, or which is being provided by the cloud provider. They are… it is just a different version, or the different checkpoint, okay? You can say it is a
Sunny Savita: a partial model, okay, which might perform well or might not. Getting my point. So.
Sunny Savita: don't be rely on the open router and all if you have… if a task is very heavy, if your agent is doing a very heavy work, very good, very, like, deep reasoning, in that case, you should always go with the Anthropic API, or with any managed cloud provider. But if a task is, like, okay.
Sunny Savita: It is okay, you can, like, compensate some errors, some hallucination.
Sunny Savita: it is okay if it is generating something, something right, then you can go with this open router and all, right? But always stick with the, direct API, the original one, okay, which will give you the better result. Understood or not?
bhagwandas armani: Yeah, understood. But is there any… I mean, I can compare the models, or I can understand from the models, like, if…
Sunny Savita: The reason why is no such comparison, sir. See, this platform itself will give you some comparisons, some details and all, once you will explore it from your end, okay? There is no such direct comparison which I can say in one line, okay, do one thing, use this, and it will compare. Not like that, sir, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, you will have to read through the platform itself, they will give you the better explanation over there, got it.
bhagwandas armani: Okay, and the second part of my last point is the last question. Let us say the models are some… some of them are 12GP, some of them are 2GPs and all. How can I know that what is the RAM required to run the model RAM, virtual RAM, the network is required?
Sunny Savita: So, RAM-wise, as I told you, if you're going to be, download a heavy model, okay, which is more than 10GB,
Sunny Savita: Right? 10 to 12 GB. If you're going to make an inference of that, at least you require 24GB of VRAM, okay? 16 to 24GB of VRAM, at least this much will be required. So you can do… you can divide by 2, right? Say, if you have 24GB of VRAM, you can easily work with 12GB of model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, easily you can do the inferencing with that particular model, right? It will easily do that. So, there is no certain criteria. See, as much as you will increase your info, this RAM and all, right, your model will perform well, right? It always comes from the requirement itself, means what is the size. As I told you.
Sunny Savita: at least keep 50% RAM, right, with you. Let's say if you're going to be using 100GB of model, then at least 150-200GB of RAM.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So in that way, you can think, right? But there is no specific formula, again, like, whoever do this AI infrastructure setup and all, they know better about it, right? But they always,
Sunny Savita: go with the safer side, means they always keep the higher RAM and all, compared to the model itself, okay?
bhagwandas armani: Okay, thank you.
Sandeep: Hi, Sunny, Sandeep here.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Handeep.
Sandeep: Yeah, so I have, basically two perspectives. So, one is, this,
Sandeep: The last part of this section where we were talking about the… Oh.
Sandeep: You know, the supervised training and SFP, right?
Sandeep: So, retraining, when we are talking about… retraining is nothing but the, again, the…
Sandeep: Decoder model where we have, like, 6 players or 8 layers, right?
Sandeep: So, you generally, when you're talking about the treatment, it is just going to repeat the whole process n number of times, how many times you define it, correct? Then it is not going to change the weights so much, correct? Because already, 6 times you have trained it, and you received the weights and biases.
Sandeep: Even if you do that 20 more times, it is going to not drastically differ it so much better.
Sandeep: That whole exercise is… isn't it futile, basically, and drain on the resources, and then just, taking your…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, correct. It will take your resources, actually. It will drain your resources if you're doing a full fine-tuning. That's why this path is there, no?
Sandeep: else.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sandeep: Generally, then, nobody actually goes with the retrainee. I…
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: Full retraining, no one's do… no one perform. So, we perform the PERFT, okay? We perform this LoRa kind of technique.
Sunny Savita: the old school method, as I told you, right? We freeze some layer, we train some layers, right? So that is also one of the techniques, you can do that also. But again, that is not very efficient. LoRa is our efficient one. So, now everyone is doing that only.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sandeep: Okay, and my… another thing from…
Sandeep: two sessions back, right? Actually, when we were talking and, about the transformer models, encoder and decoder, right?
Sandeep: So, you had suggested, like, there is another new model, which is a more latest one, which is upcoming.
Sandeep: Where the elements are focusing.
Sandeep: So… I think this whole exercise of embedding, you know, function, and everything, right?
Sandeep: It is to do with the mathematics and statistics only, right? So tomorrow, if there is a new mathematical equation that proves to be better, then this whole thing will keep on going and changing the entire process.
Sunny Savita: Oh, and if any better model will come, which is having any other different technique, then it might.
Sunny Savita: But again, Transformer is ruling that right now.
Sunny Savita: I think I said one more name, Mamba, right? Yeah. So, yeah, that is not… see…
Sunny Savita: It is not in practical right now, means none of the models have been trained on top of that. Any LLM, I think there is no such architecture which is following that Mamba currently. Okay, so I would suggest that is on the paper only currently, but yeah, in future, if it is coming, if something is coming, then yeah, that mathematical things will change, definitely.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sandeep: Okay. And lastly, I just had, one question, about the…
Sandeep: I'm using a Mac, basically, with 16…
Sandeep: 52GB, configuration. With M5 chip, I hope it should be sufficient to run any kind of local model at the time.
Sunny Savita: What is a chip?
Sandeep: entry.
Sunny Savita: M, fine. Haha, that is fine.
Sunny Savita: Okay, any M-series chip is a good one. 16GB memory is a good one, actually. Okay?
Sunny Savita: You can work with that, okay?
Sandeep: Okay, I'm… yeah, sorry, I'm on…
Sunny Savita: It is Pro or it is an Air?
Sandeep: No, it's an AR rightness, actually. Pro is double the cost, actually, but I will upgrade if it is, you know, required or not during our training session, because I feel like, you know, I need to train them more now.
Sunny Savita: Good training, don't do in a local, we'll use a cloud GPU, okay? So, don't… but if it is a year with any M chip, M2, M3, M4, right, it is good. But if it is Pro or Pro Max, then I think, yeah, it is even better, right? So, it is fine if you have basic
Sunny Savita: AR1. You can work with that, got it.
Sandeep: Okay, hopefully.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sandeep: is this whole thing going to be, according to you? Because a lot of things are getting automated, you see the news, and everyone's getting fired, many people are restricting the budgets also, right? So, where do you see the need for the engineers going forward?
Sunny Savita: So, see, as of now, as of now, basically, lots of hiring is going on in AI, okay? Because every enterprise, every company wanted to build AI infrastructure, okay, AI-related applications, they wanted to automate more and more tasks related to the AI, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm seeing… see, learning AI is a beneficial right now.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: But if you're coming to that category where you might laid off, where you might affect because of the AI, okay? So just understand that side as soon as possible, okay? And what you can do at that place.
Sunny Savita: Right? According to the situation, just do that. Either you can migrate your work, migrate your project, just go in a different team, just talk to the person, what is the current requirement, the requirement.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Something like that.
Sunny Savita: Right? But if you're into the AI, if you know the AI architect, if you know AI, how to build an application, you use, like, AI, and along with that, your software development skill is also good, your delivery skill is also good, right? Your business side is also good, then you're not going to be affected.
Sunny Savita: if, let's say, if you're going to… unfortunately, in both cases, if you're going to be laid off from one company, you can join another company, right? As I told you, lots of hiring is going in on AI, and so many projects are there in AI itself, okay? So, along with your skill set, learning AI is very beneficial.
Sunny Savita: And to deep dive into the AI engineering is also very good, okay? So, AI engineer, AI architect, along with that, how to, like,
Sunny Savita: host the model, the AI infrastructure level of thing. If you know that much, then you are good to go, okay? And then use the AI also. Use the co-pilot, Cloud Code, okay, whichever is company providing you.
Sunny Savita: That is fine, but more than that, right? So just put some effort in the clouds, cloud codes, like how to automate the task with that, how to do that efficiently, more productive and all, something like that. That's it. Got it?
Sandeep: Thank you.
Ankita: Nicely, hi.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just to…
Test: Second.
Sunny Savita: Test, who is this test?
Test: Carpet, sorry.
Sunny Savita: Write your correct name, then.
Test: Oh, yeah, sorry, sorry. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: carpet.
Test: Yeah, this is RP. So, Mira may be ek AI use case pe kamkarnoh, toh mojo suggestions AI ki ek.
Test: Loan eligibility criteria ka, estamos mein low kapny pesilip upload kartne aurata ki yehwan kil eligible hain, thick nilan kil eligible hain.
Test: Toh us ye high-level requirement hai, toh usme abhi jo current system enabled ki wo je haema payslips ko le tango bank statement kulele tang usko, document intelligence pe upload kerke.
Test: document intelligence ki service baha se parts kartang uti ka. JSON format may firm mein boot chat GPT ki jo chat completion API with us upload kartung prompt click ke, mujay, ye particular attribute ki value extract karke chiye.
Test: basics LDK.
Test: document parts karne kiba, mujay wok.
Test: particular attribute ki value patakarna huti, for example, basic or HRJ sub.
Test: read kiya.
Sunny Savita: Jesus.
Test: GPTK models ko bhi pay kart hai.
Test: Toh, eskuna thora sa cost-effective banana hai, toh, ke sessions to mujay ye samadhimaya ki, instead of chat GPT, ye locally hosted LLM use kar sap kinky root pick karne hai. Toh, as a good choice.
Sunny Savita: Aha, definitely aapkar sakty ho, de ko hard chi di automate math karo, asakaro kochi ja rule-based biraktum ape. Toh ko che common pattern identify kar low, let's say aapne EDIC parse kata.
Sunny Savita: Apaus karke, let's apne Jason banaya, MD file banaya, kuchwi banar aap Jason banar y ahikalse, right? Aapne Jason banay aapkia karo, ki usme pattern identify karlo, ki ye common pattern, per rule-based lag condition laga do, for uske baad, agar kuchi ja condition se rule-based sa solny hoti, for yaiko doh, amalo aapko
Sunny Savita: chat open API kehos jada parte, afore kisiore API keh jada perai, toh kuini agar problem statement simple, toh aapna aye olama kya prospi tray kar saktiho.
Test: Actually, abih ye abhi makhlap main baurasap ko halibu bharata, but currently, ki palli pattern-based identification hotay, custom rules hai, agarbo custom rules fulfill nahi utam logo, chat GPT ki API pe upload karna partay.
Test: But instead of chat GPT, kudka custom model train kare, jo only train modelos ko retrain karein. Bisi kaliapne kutka dita seal option, looser option ay.
Test: Club.
Sunny Savita: preprocessing karne pologi data, ki.
Sunny Savita: You will have to do lots of preprocessing there of the data, right? And again, how many times you will retain the model. Let's say tomorrow new data is coming, right? So better, basically, use some good reasoning-based model, work on your prompting, okay? Make certain things… make something deterministic, right? Make some rule-based. And rest of the thing, basically, you can do via AI itself. Use as much as less token, which you can do, do the good context engineering over there.
Sunny Savita: I think it is a good one, because, see, Apka problem statement, both complex and nahi hai.
Test: Probably.
Sunny Savita: agarap basic flow bhi banana hoge langra aapse, jab pe aap totala sa context engineering fi focus karoge, tulat token kukam karne ka tray karoge, okay, easily aapkar pa hoge, cost reduction aapkar pa hoge. Heavy model use ni karna hai, tohi koi basic model se bhi thrott try kar kitik lo ki, kasa resorta tay.
Sunny Savita: Right? But Merika said training is not a good solution for that. Aapko, acha reasoning-based model use karna chai prompting ke focus karna chai, data ko jetna structure kersakyok karo.
Sunny Savita: or context engineering achise karo yang. Got it?
Test: Okay, locally hosted model ka use kar sap thingy, kaolama jo a japne bataya.
Sunny Savita: Bilkul karsakte kyun hi kar sakte. Mirku ek baad bata, bilkul karsakteo. Aap experiment karoo, result ko evaluate karoo, theek hain?
Test: Okay, okay, okay, thanks, thanks.
Ankita: Bye, Annie.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys, let me, let me call the name, okay?
Sunny Savita: Wow.
Sunny Savita: Charles, Charles, Charles, wait, I'll come to you, okay, wait. Ankit, are you there?
Ankita: Yeah, Sunny, it's Shubham, actually, somehow it logged in with my wife's name, so I'll correct it next time.
Ankita: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure.
Ankita: One quick question, right? So, we talked about the local LLM model, like Oolama. I work for banking financial institutions, and then we have a lot of requirements around training the LLMs.
Ankita: With the PI data, financial data. Every time there's one question which comes, how secure the data is. Every bank and financial institution is scared of hosting their data to any cloud. We always…
Ankita: Prefer getting a locally running LLM and training that.
Sunny Savita: So…
Ankita: Is it a good idea to train the Olama kind of models, which runs on your…
Ankita: machine, and, giving it your PIA data, and is there any best practices for that in AI?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can try. That's why this kind of application have been created, no?
Sunny Savita: Right? Now tell me, like, what is the use of the Olama?
Sunny Savita: That's the use of the ulama, correct?
Ankita: It doesn't use…
Sunny Savita: model, you can pull that, you can host the model on any server, right? So you can definitely try out with that. Got it?
Ankita: data remains locally, it's not shared across, right? So…
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: My question is also regard… relating to this only, can I…
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, wait, so let me clarify one, then I'll come to you. Yeah, Subam, right? Yeah.
Ankita: Yes, yes.
Ankita: So, that's the privacy thing. So if we post Lolama and then train it using over PI data, that's gonna keep it locally, and it's not going to share it over the internet, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, correct.
Ankita: Makes sense. Okay, sir. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, next, who's asking the same question?
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Ranjit.
Sunny Savita: We are injured.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Yeah, actually, Sunny, if I have a company.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: I want to incorporate AI with all my systems and workloads. What would be the effective approach? Can I take an open source model, and I fine-tune with my own data and create weights?
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: and then create chatbots, SQL generation, and all those things. RS, get a proprietary model, like ChatGPT or Gemini, and just create own RAG model.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: From that rack model, I give context to the LLM, then the LLM will take care of the chat and everything. So, if I go for that proprietary model, then how can I maintain my privacy and sensitivity?
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: So, it's like a trade-off situation, right? So, in real time, how enterprises maintain that? What would be the best approach? Whether they go for open source and train their… fine-tune their model, and let's say you said 90%, the company won't fine-tune.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Means, then, how they are approached. So I'm a guy, if I have a company.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: From scratch, if I want to embed it, yeah, with my systems and all workloads.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: how I can do that.
Sunny Savita: So, sir, if you're going to be host your own model, right? So, in that case, basically, you will have to work on infrastructure side.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so one specific person you will have to key for the DevOps, for the AI infrastructure and all.
Sunny Savita: And that's going to be very heavy for you. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Right? Means, it is not very easy to maintain a cloud server or own server model, right? Everything, basically. So, it is additional, overhead.
Sunny Savita: But if you're going to be using the proprietary model from OpenAI, from Anthropic, right? So directly, if you are going to be used from their API, definitely, your data might expose to them, right? Which you don't want. So instead of that, what you can do, you can use the managed services. Manage services like Azure OpenAI, okay, AWS Bedrock, okay, so every company, even I'm working in the company where we have lots of red data, right? But we are using this managed services.
Sunny Savita: So here, we just have to configure the services, and we are using that, right? We are just, like, generating our API key, and directly we are going to be using the model and all, and we are creating an application on top of it, right? So, managed service is one of the options for your data security. They will ensure your data security, and your data will not be… go out, right?
Sunny Savita: But if you have a capability where you can manage the AI infrastructure, you can take that overhead, right? If you're ready for that, then yeah, definitely, you can go with that approach also. Just, create your own server, right? Means just take your own server, just keep the RLM over there, just export that as an API, and use it, right? Many companies are doing that. Let's say any one, like, big organization.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: It may be on-premises or cloud. I'm going to use API means, then I'm going to use the perpetitive system means that my data will go into their system, then I will get the replay, right? So, they may use my data for their optimization or for any other purpose, how I can ensure my privacy?
Sunny Savita: So that's what I'm saying, no, sir? The networking and all, everything you will have to keep private in that case.
Sunny Savita: If you don't want to be shared anywhere in your company as well, the entire network and all on a cloud level, on an infra level, you will have to keep private only, right? So, while you're going to be configured that, you can do it easily. Let's say, whenever we create any server over the cloud, right, how we do that?
Sunny Savita: we create a, machine, we create a VPC inside that, we configure around the networking and all, right? We don't expose the API, we keep it to the, like, to the certain person only, we give some admin access and all. In that way, actually, you will have to do that. Got it.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: So… so how… how… what is the best practice? How enterprises handle this? They are using their own.
Sunny Savita: Enterprise… see, for, basically,
Sunny Savita: for most of the application, right, where we are building a RAG agents kind of thing, right? Where most of the people are doing that, right? They are using a managed cloud, Azure, OpenAI, and the AWS backrock.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: What is that name? Manus.
Sunny Savita: Manage the services, manage the services.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Very good, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So they're using… yeah, most of the enterprise, you're using that only. 90% time you will get that. But yeah, some of the companies have to showcase something from their end, right? So, let's say I have a company. I have to showcase, I have to, like, flash, okay, I have my model, I have hosted on my system. So yeah, I will do that also, right? That is my side thing, but it's not being used completely.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if I will compare results with my model and with the open AI model, there is lots of differences, right? Even, see, I'm working in one of the use cases, their company forced me to use their model.
Sunny Savita: They have the basic model on their infrastructure, and OpenAI response is 100 times better to that model.
Sunny Savita: Now, in my chatbot, in my conversion AI system, why I will use that company-hosted model if it is giving me a best response… bad response, right? So I will go with the OpenAI only, no? So that's the thing, right? So that model is just for the name only. They are hosted on their system, but there is no use of that, because the response is not good of that.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: That's a major thing. So the performance will definitely will affect, actually. So I would highly suggest you, if you are going to… sincerely, if you are going to be building an application where response matters, then go with the, OpenAI-based model or the Anthropic-based model, okay?
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Okay, so you meant to say I need to get a cloud infrastructure, and…
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: model, and I need to create my own rack system.
Sunny Savita: And… Yeah.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Get things done right.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: We don't want the fine-tuning at all.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Charles Fon: Yes, I'm…
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: So, for example, for example, you take the Salesforce, like, big companies like Salesforce and Databricks, are they doing… are they following the same…
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: they have the data, they have the rack system, and they get proprietary systems, APIs, and they train the… they send their rack.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, they are taking a both approach, actually. They have a… they are a big company, they are billion-dollar company, sir, right? For them to create a, one big infrastructure is not a big deal. Let's say they have created infrastructure, they have hosted a model, right? Now, its performance is, like, a little bit matching to the OpenAI. So, in most… in 50% use cases, they are using their self-hosted model, and for 50% use cases, they are tired with the OpenAI or with the
Sunny Savita: other cloud, so they are using from there itself, directly their model. Something like this, they are working, actually.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Hybrid, hybrid technology.
Sunny Savita: Hybrid kind of thing.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: Okay, thanks. And I'm Unmodzari. Actually, at the day, you discussed about the transformer, right? You updated the code in GitHub, but you said… the day, you showed on video, right? In your previous live classes, that you explained the code, right?
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: I think the previous live classes, like, we don't have that access.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: So… How can we get that video, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: You have access of that. If you will check with your code section, you have access of that dashboard.
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: pre… only is your YouTube fine-tuning… fine-tuning, and the other modern route full one, another one is…
Sunny Savita: all the videos, you can check over. Okay, don't worry, I'll update that video on your dashboard, okay? I forget that. I'll update, okay?
Ranjith Kumar Swaminathan: That's it. Thank you, thanks.
Sunny Savita: Bing.
Mantaaj: Hey, hi, Sonny.
Mantaaj: Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Wait, Charles, first you go.
Charles Fon: I just want to set a meeting with you, please, one-on-one.
Charles Fon: I'm supposed to drive, like, 3… 3… 30 minutes away from where I'm supposed to.
Charles Fon: Yeah, can you give me a day so that we can meet one-on-one?
Charles Fon: a lot of things. You remember…
Charles Fon: my code that was not, they accepted the… Dark, that tasting.
Sunny Savita: Which code is not accepting? Sorry, I didn't get…
Charles Fon: API key was not…
Sunny Savita: Charles, your voice is very low, can you speak loudly?
Charles Fon: Yes, I said, remember my… my… this thing was not accepting the API key.
Sunny Savita: Show me, show me, share the screen, I can check.
Charles Fon: like I told you, I need to drive, like, 30 minutes, my wife is working for me.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Charles Fon: One, more than one.
Sunny Savita: No worries, no worries, so do one thing, if you can show me in tomorrow's session, show me there. Otherwise, if you're available, just let me know in the weekdays, okay? I'll schedule one quick call with you, okay?
Charles Fon: Okay, I prefer that.
Sunny Savita: Bankers.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Pradeep Sahu, please go ahead.
Pradeep Sahoo: A hyphen.
Pradeep Sahoo: Thanks.
Pradeep Sahoo: For giving this.
Pradeep Sahoo: I want to… I have two questions. First question is, I have created that PYNB file.
Pradeep Sahoo: And… but I am not able to create the application that you have shown for Streamlight, right?
Pradeep Sahoo: Hmm, I do.
Pradeep Sahoo: Can you, can you help me, or can you guide me to some tutorials so that I can convert this, you know, notebook into a application?
Sunny Savita: No, that you now need to create a notebook, yeah, create in a py file.py file, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, .py file and .ipYNB file, both are the different file. We write actual Python code in a .py file. This IPYNB file, it's called IPython notebook, it is just for the experiment purpose, okay?
Sunny Savita: So we never… we never create an application inside this file, we never create a modular… we never do the modular coding over here.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So, we always prefer .py file. If you don't know about it, in upcoming session, it will come definitely, right? So, as of now, what you can do, I can provide you the solution.
Sunny Savita: You can follow the.
Pradeep Sahoo: solution.
Sunny Savita: You can run it inside your system.
Sunny Savita: And then you can understand the code, okay?
Pradeep Sahoo: That could be really helpful.
Sunny Savita: I will update in the GitHub itself.
Pradeep Sahoo: Okay, sure, sure, son.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Pradeep Sahoo: I will check the Git of the, you know, after this call, or maybe tomorrow.
Pradeep Sahoo: We'll get that discussion.
Pradeep Sahoo: Okay, my second question is, last time the assignment, the second assignment you have given for the transformer, that you have said, that you run it in GoCoLab.
Pradeep Sahoo: Right?
Pradeep Sahoo: So, can I create a collab for my, you know, personal Gmail ID and then work on it, or how is it?
Pradeep Sahoo: Excellent.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, whatever Google ID you have, no?
Sunny Savita: Gmail ID, right? You can create collab amount over the same one.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you don't know, just wait for tomorrow's class, tomorrow I will show you that, okay?
Pradeep Sahoo: Yeah.
Pradeep Sahoo: Thank you. Yeah, these are my questions. I will wait for that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, sure, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Benkert, what is your doubt?
Sunny Savita: Venko…
Venkat: 5 minutes, I mean, let any other person go, I'll even go.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Mantaj, what's your doubt?
Mantaaj: Hey, hi, Sunny. I hope you can hear me.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, Mantach, I can hear you.
Mantaaj: Perfect. And first of all, Sunny, thanks for today's session. That was very great.
Mantaaj: Just one question I have, little confused about that one. So.
Sunny Savita: You know what?
Mantaaj: fine-tuning when we talk about the pre-trained models, right? So generally, when we… I'm taking an example of a immediate organization system, right? So, where…
Mantaaj: we are trying to recognize some elements, right? The boxes over there. So, generally, what we do is, we take a pre-trained model, right? And we… that pre-trained model, we…
Mantaaj: pass our data set, and we try to get an expected output out of that, right? So, when we had a call, right, you were saying in a pre-trained, we… it's just about the, prediction on the raw data that we have, right? So, I'm a little confused, like, when we use a pre-trained model.
Mantaaj: Apart from fine-tuning, it gives us the expected output also, correct output, accurate output. So, I'm confused about that part, like, you said it's going to give a raw data, so it's going to predict the next
Mantaaj: word, right? So, that concept is not clear for me.
Sunny Savita: No, I'm talking about the language model.
Sunny Savita: Okay. And the raw and the detection you're talking about, that's a different model.
Sunny Savita: Alright?
Mantaaj: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, both are the different ones. Language model LLMs are the different one. Those models are the different one.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Mantaaj: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So, they are actually this pre-training, you know, nothing is there. There is the training and the fine-tuning, that's it. Two simple terms. But if we're talking about this large language model, so here is this three terms, pre-training, supervised fine-tuning, or instruction fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: or preference tuning, right? So, we're talking about the pre-training. So, in the pre-training, actually, what we are doing, we are going to be train our model
Sunny Savita: Right? Which model? It's a transformer-based decoder model on top of a very huge dataset, right? Now, what kind of training it is? In the training, actually, we are just going to be predict a next open.
Sunny Savita: Right? Next token. So, with that, my model is trying to understand the language, the pattern of the language, okay? It's able to understand the grammar, right? So, it is… it is going deeper into the language. It's trying to understand the context of the language.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Mantaaj: So…
Sunny Savita: Whenever you provide any input to them, it will just do the text generation.
Mantaaj: And so when we talk about… yeah, I got that. So when we talk about the pre-trained, it's already a model already being trained on internet data, right? That's not the one that we're scratch, correct?
Sunny Savita: No.
Mantaaj: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So… Image wallop model, those are the different ones, right? Those kind of model is different, like, you're hearing a BGG ResNet, right? So, those is specifically only the image dataset. Abi, if we're talking about the LM-based image model, so, uskele AB different technique, the clip technique I discussed now, right?
Mantaaj: Cheers.
Sunny Savita: image capture… image capturing technique. Toh usme piri trending wo image capturing valid tarike se hoti hai, actually.
Sunny Savita: we have a pair of the images and the text, pair of the images and the text, okay? So, joh bi ya model dekre, oh, daily model dekre ya koi bhi image generation varie model dekrai ho, right? So, usme kilip ke tari ka pre-training OTI.
Sunny Savita: Only textke perspectives. Got it?
Mantaaj: Got it, got it. And, Sadiq, one question from the last call, where we were talking about from reading, text from an image, right? We also use OCRs over there, right? So, Joey Hamare OCRsode hai, are they part and parcel of
Mantaaj: that model itself, or do we have to explicitly go and configure this OCR, like, are we… or…
Sunny Savita: What is a OCR?
Sunny Savita: OCR authai, optical character recognization, ana?
Sunny Savita: Johan OCR, actually, karte thee pehlei, ja se ham askal pehle hum kasi OCR karte thee. To both basic level pe buruta. Bohota, CNN ki technique se ha.
Sunny Savita: Okay, convolution neural network se wo OCR karte thee. Toh Jabyam computer vision parte thee, toh wahap yam object detection parte thee, object segment detection parte thee, object tracking parte thee, or OCR parte thee. Kyuki CNN ki jo techniques hoti ushi se OCR ruthata.
Sunny Savita: Right? Rekin abi ki jo OCR hooraya wo vision plus transformer. Mix karke technique banaya USE OCR hora hai. Sohobi aap nilitis technique de Kraut deep sea ko CRI sub yesab.
Sunny Savita: transformer-based OCR hai, transformer of vision ko melke jo BIT menheapko research paper bohata na, VIT, vision transformer, right? To us techniques ko le ke OCR hora hai. OCR ka simple meaning hotay hai, image seh, text ko fetch karna.
Mantaaj: Huh.
Sunny Savita: Right? Toh, wohan pele karte thee, CNN Techniques hai. Tekin abhi hum latest karte hain, transform-based techniques, that's it.
Mantaaj: Perfect, perfect. So, it means… It means that it's already inbuilt now, the Humara concept was here, walaqta, right?
Sunny Savita: aaposko.
Mantaaj: Sure. And Seri, one last request, Seri. Probably, I was in your other batch also, Johumare wo Pro products, apne business wo projects. Set of profiles resumes banay thee.
Mantaaj: Can you share that with me? I will just drop an email to you, Agar, if you can share that, that would be great, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can share that, don't worry, okay?
Mantaaj: Thank you, Sunny, for your time. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, next doubt, any more person having doubt, please go ahead.
PAARTH LAKHANI: Can you hear me?
Sankar USA: Yeah, hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sankar, please go ahead.
Sankar USA: Yeah, so thank you for the session today, Sunny. So I want to know a little bit more about, the… the preference, tuning train, like, the PPO, the DPVO, and the GRPO or LHF. So, like, how do they, like, when do we do this, and what is the input format for this? What is the output of this one? Like, I want to know a little bit about that.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: We'll, we'll learn that, sir, okay? So, just wait for 2-3 more sessions, you will understand. I'll show you the different, different data set, you will get, okay?
Sankar USA: Okay. So, and generally, like, so what is the use case where, like, these things will be used? I mean, these appear very.
Sunny Savita: This is… this is being you. I'll show you that, okay? Don't worry. We have a dedicated session for that, two sessions only, we'll understand, okay?
Sankar USA: Sure, sure. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Perth, I think you had a.
PAARTH LAKHANI: Yes. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yep, yep, go.
PAARTH LAKHANI: Can you hear me? Yeah, so I wanted to ask, is it possible to post today's session before tomorrow, so I can review it? I did miss some part of the class today, so I wanted to review before you teach tomorrow's class.
Sunny Savita: That is not in my hand until it is not being processed from the Zoom end, how we can post that, okay? So it is 4 foot to 4-hour recording, correct?
Sunny Savita: So it takes time, and then it will be uploaded, then again it will be processed over here. So, it is a time-consumed
Sunny Savita: time-consuming thing, right? So, just wait for 6 to 8 hours, it will be uploaded, don't worry, okay?
PAARTH LAKHANI: Okay.
PAARTH LAKHANI: No worries. And then the second question was,
PAARTH LAKHANI: There's this new course that's coming, Agentech 3.0, so I wanted to know, in terms of the material being covered, what exactly that covers, and what projects would be done? Is it going to be completely different than what you are going to teach for the remainder of this course? And do you recommend,
PAARTH LAKHANI: Also, signing up for that course and doing it in parallel. So, wanted to get your feedback for that thing.
Sunny Savita: Yes, so see, if you wanted to learn simultaneously that, that is fine, okay? Because agentic codes is a… it is, like, deep diving more into the agentic framework, the different agentic framework, okay? So, let's say in our codes.
Sunny Savita: We have a generative AI, along with the agent API.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So I explained to you about the agent, I explained about the line graph, let's say we understood about one more framework, okay? And let's say we have built up some project also.
Sunny Savita: But Agent AK could be more than this one, in terms of the different framework. Maybe we might add on one or two more projects over there, right? So…
Sunny Savita: Apart from the Gen AI, if you only wanted to do the specialization in agent AKI, Right? So…
Sunny Savita: For those folks only, we have created that course.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? So, see, we have an AI engineer.
Sunny Savita: One AI engineer knows everything, AI architect, generative AI react, agent tech and all. But let's say someone, right, who just wanted to know the agent tech AI, one specific branch, right, who wanted to deep dive with a multiple framework and all. So for that.
Sunny Savita: there is one course. Specialization based on AI agent, that's it, right? So, yeah, we are covering most of the part. Over here, you will see
Sunny Savita: Even 50-60%, or even more than that, right? So, it will be sufficiently, like, sufficient material will get inside this batch as well, with respect to the AI agent. But again, on top of that, more you want to get, then yeah, that batch is for you. Got it? So, you can…
PAARTH LAKHANI: And it's like.
Sunny Savita: Got me the syllabus?
Sunny Savita: I think you will clearly get, right?
PAARTH LAKHANI: Okay, so it's getting more into specialization, but you still cover 50-60% of what is going to be covered.
Sunny Savita: Let's say here, there, we have a 5 framework. Here, I'm covering 3 framework. Let's say there is a 6 framework. I'm covering 32. Already 50-60% is overlap, okay? Something.
PAARTH LAKHANI: Okay. So it's not, like, really, like, needed to take it in order to understand agent AI, so even you are going to cover that. So it's okay…
Sunny Savita: Huh, that's what I'm saying, that's your personal choice, right? So, we know, future is an agentic AI. So, let's not, like, leave that opportunity, learn it, you know, advance itself, okay? Understand all the other different concepts, right? Take someone else's perspective also, and…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, with that point, if you wanted to join, you can. Otherwise, it's your… Or, like, this weekend, okay?
Sunny Savita: No.
PAARTH LAKHANI: Sure.
PAARTH LAKHANI: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, sir.
Venkat: Sunny Venkat here.
Sunny Savita: Yavankar.
Venkat: Yeah, so I… actually, you know, I have worked on that assessment, and I have developed that, multimodal explorer kind of thing.
Venkat: So, I tried to, push it to Hugging Face spaces.
Venkat: So, actually, the model is running fine in my local,
Venkat: Yeah, and locally it is running, but if I'm trying to put it there, it is saying that I need to create secrets of all the API keys, each one by one, one by one, in hugging waste spaces.
Venkat: How safe it is, like, you know, to create there? For, suppose, if I push it, you know, to get… can anyone get those secrets from there?
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, don't push it over the gate, okay?
Venkat: Nope.
Sunny Savita: Never, never keep… see, keep the secrets in the secrets itself, but again, I would say, whatever you are using, just keep the secrets over there. Let's say you are using Hugging Face, right? So, keep your secrets over the Hugging Face itself. From there, try to read that, okay?
Venkat: Yes, I'm doing that only. So, pushing in the sense, I'm pushing this repository to GitHub, but when I'm hosting it in spaces, again, spaces, I'm creating a secret key there.
Venkat: Okay, so then, okay, then I got it, it's kind of safe. So now, if I give this link, AgameSpaces, link to anyone, like, in a public domain, and if.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Venkat: this page and run this model, then obviously I'll adjust my tokens, right?
Sunny Savita: Got it, got it.
Venkat: So, it's kind of if I give it, like, you know, if I…
Sunny Savita: You can give the option to update their API key while they are using your application, so in that case, your key will not be used, okay?
Venkat: In the sense, they have to set up their secrets.
Sunny Savita: Their secrets. So just give one option to set up their secrets, any one option, or the starting of the application, some disclaimer kind of thing, then…
Sunny Savita: You will not have to be, like, use your API there, okay?
Venkat: I've got it. I'll explore that option. I'm not.
Sunny Savita: No.
Venkat: much aware of it. Actually, I don't know any of these things, so I just started listening this morning, I started, like.
Sunny Savita: So you can give the option, directly that secret will be added in the space secret itself, okay? And even you can keep your secret inside the space secret, right? You can inject as an environment variable over there, just check out the cloud or GPT, it will tell you how to keep it there, okay?
Venkat: Okay, got it. And this has come up very… like, I feel it goods for, at least for my knowledge. If you want, I can give you a finance demo, otherwise it's fine if I don't, if I can't.
Sunny Savita: Sure, sure, sure, okay.
Venkat: So, you want me to give a demo, finance demo now, or, like.
Sunny Savita: Okay, right now you wanted to give. Yeah.
Venkat: If time is there, otherwise…
Sunny Savita: You can, yeah, you can. Otherwise, you can create one video as well, small 5 to 10 minutes, with a voiceover, and you can send me, that will also work, okay?
Venkat: Oh, okay, yeah, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Venkat: Thank you. Hi, son.
Sunny Savita: Dang hot.
Rama Subramanyam: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Rama, please go ahead.
Rama Subramanyam: Thank you, thank you, Sandy. Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, I can hear you.
Rama Subramanyam: Okay, just, I have a couple of questions,
Rama Subramanyam: So, so when it comes to AWS, Azure or GCP.
Rama Subramanyam: I don't know, for a… from a AI point of view, the design deployment, is it,
Rama Subramanyam: I just need to go to the… the respective vendor, and I need to learn, or… just, I don't know how much you're going to cover, and how much…
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss, we'll discuss that part, okay, once we'll reach through that module.
Sunny Savita: I will tell you what you need to learn, and what need to learn, but here I can give you… here I can tell you one thing.
Sunny Savita: So, at least learn, cloud-specific… generative AI services, cloud-specific generative AI services, and at least you should be aware about the common services of any cloud, related to the database, related to the compute, okay, some serverless services.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so at least you should be aware about these services. But don't worry, once I'll come to that particular module, we'll discuss onto it. Got it?
Rama Subramanyam: So, is it better? Azure is better for this one? The foundation?
Sunny Savita: So, for Foundation, you can start with the AWS, it is easy to use compared to the Azure, but yeah, Azure and AWS is having the same reputation in the market, and both is being used simultaneously, okay?
Rama Subramanyam: Okay, the second one is, just a general question.
Sunny Savita: -Oh.
Rama Subramanyam: from a enterprise.
Rama Subramanyam: organization point of view? Are they going to use LLM and SLM also for the small language models for…
Rama Subramanyam: Probably make it as a, you know, to change the tone, or, like, governance, or… some…
Rama Subramanyam: policies or company policies. S&M is just… is it a combination of LNM and SMM, generally? I'm not talking about specific use case, but generally purpose.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can, basically, you can keep the multiple model, and you can switch in between.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Rama Subramanyam: Right.
Sunny Savita: That is perfectly, fine. Means, you can have a multiple model, and between you can switch. So, if you will check with the ChatGPT also, let's say if you're using a free version of the ChatGPT,
Sunny Savita: So it's giving you the high-end model for some limited period of time. Then it is going to be switched to some lower model, lower-end model, okay? So many companies are doing that, so, and even in this… in your application also, you can switch between LLM, SLM, or with any LLM versus LLM, right? So that is completely fine.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Rama Subramanyam: Okay. Oh, thanks. Another question. Is it… is it for AI roles, maybe mid-level, is the domain skills are important? Like, if it is a banking… banking experience is required, or telco or telco experience is required? How the market works for AI?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, domain skill, basically, if you have work for any enterprise, right? Let's say if you're working for a specific pharma project, healthcare project, or for any finance project, right? So you can carry that experience for the next company. Getting my point, what I'm saying, right?
Rama Subramanyam: My experience is telco, so I can only focus on telco side, or…
Sunny Savita: So, you can… see, if you're going to be building an application, the telecom, right? So, that is also fine. You can move to the same domain, right? In any other company, in the same domain, right? But if you're going in any other cross-domain also, with a different domain, right?
Sunny Savita: That will also work, because the AI project you work, you have a core knowledge of the AI node, right? So you can implement it anywhere, that skill set is going to be same.
Sunny Savita: understood or not. The business is going to be different over here. So, let's say if I have a… yeah, if I have an experience in a FIS, sorry, if I have an experience in a finance, right? And I work for the JP Morgan.
Sunny Savita: Right? Let's take an example, banking… for the banking project, I worked for the JP Morgan. Now, tomorrow, if I wanted to go for the Goldman Sage, I can go. I have an experience with the banking, right? I have a work on a banking application. I can carry that experience in some different company.
Sunny Savita: I can go with the Morgan Stanley, I can go with the Goldman Sachs, I can go for the FIS, right? But let's say if I have to switch my domain, let's say I have to go for the Pfizer, or I have to go for the Merck, right, which belongs to the pharma domain, right? I can go there as well. I can say I have an experience in this project, I have worked for this domain.
Sunny Savita: But I wanted to, like, like, my skill set is this one, and I can work with this domain as well, okay? Your business understanding in one domain, you can go with the same domain, you can carry the same domain, that is fine, but if you're going for any other domain, that is also fine, because a skill set is going to be common.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Rama Subramanyam: Because, generally, return on investment and,
Rama Subramanyam: So, from a business side, business knowledge is required. I don't… I don't know, probably.
Sunny Savita: Huh, it is required when you reach out to the higher position. Let's say if you have 14, yeah, 14 to 15 year of experience. In that case, let's say you wanted to go for a senior director, vice president, where you wanted to, like, involve in some executive, like, these roles and all, right? And some, decision-making position and all, right? In that case, the domain-specific knowledge, is required, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let's say I wanted to hire a senior director for my company.
Sunny Savita: Right? My company deal with the healthcare. Okay, so I will prefer that guy who already having experience in the healthcare. Getting my point, right?
Rama Subramanyam: It makes sense. Other guys.
Sunny Savita: For higher position?
Rama Subramanyam: vendor.
Sunny Savita: Huh. For higher position, for the decision-making position, it's impactful, but again, on the development side, it is not. Let's say if I'm hiring a developer with 5 to 8 years of experience, I can do, right? I will teach the business problem to him.
Sunny Savita: He will surely understand that, and within 6 to 8 months, he will pro on that, and he will work. But for the higher position, I will prefer the domain knowledge, actually, okay?
Rama Subramanyam: Is it, like, an AI strategist or this? Is it, kind of a…
Rama Subramanyam: So, architect and, architect and strategist, probably, maybe… Different senior rooms, or…
Sunny Savita: Actually, sir, let me tell you the role which is there in the market and which I have seen throughout my 3 to 4 years of AI experience, okay? One is an AI developer, second is an AI architect. That's it, sir, okay? There's two roles.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, on ground, I have seen this role, this AI strategist, you know, just on a paper, right? AI architect is AI strategist, that's it, right? So, AI developer, or AI architect.
Sunny Savita: Okay? If you are on some junior level, then AI developer. If you are on a senior level, 10 to 14 of XP, then AI architect. That's it, okay?
Rama Subramanyam: Right, so the last question.
Rama Subramanyam: Yeah, just… Yeah, are there any contracting… Or only permanent ones.
Rama Subramanyam: Is there any contracting viability?
Rama Subramanyam: In India?
Sunny Savita: It depends company to company, right? Actually.
Sunny Savita: So, in which context you're asking?
Rama Subramanyam: So, like, rather than joining as a permanent, joining as a…
Rama Subramanyam: some… like, like Europe, UK, you know, other places, like, contracting jobs. Do they have that kind of contracting jobs in India?
Rama Subramanyam: Yes.
Sunny Savita: contract roles you will get in many GCCs, actually, you will get a contact-based role, actually, okay?
Rama Subramanyam: Oh, I see, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Rama Subramanyam: Oh, thanks, Annie. I think that that's great information.
Rama Subramanyam: Yeah, thank you very much. I like talking.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, sir, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next, doubt, any more person having? Orochi, what's your doubt?
Ruchi S: Yeah, Sunny. So, I, heard that we are using AWS in Azure, but say, like, my company has most of the products tied up with Google, so is there a better option with GCP or something?
Sunny Savita: Oh, GCP's also having everything, okay.
Sunny Savita: So…
Ruchi S: like, vertex AI that could be used, or what?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, vertex here you can use there.
Ruchi S: But is it, like, giving the similar results, or, like, AWS and Azure gives better results?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, Azure model… see, Google's model is also good, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Google is also, like, one of the competitors of the OpenAI and the… of the… this, Anthropic, right? So…
Sunny Savita: They are having their own Jiminy ecosystem, every kind of model, right? Every research actually comes from the Google, Google DeepMind.
Sunny Savita: Google is not a small company, right? So, they have huge infrastructure, GCP is, like, having everything, and similar kind of result you can expect from there as well, okay?
Ruchi S: So, will we be covering Vortex AI also in our, code?
Sunny Savita: No, ma'am, GCP I haven't included, okay? So, cloud, does not matter. Every cloud is having similar kind of service. If you know any one cloud, you can work with any other cloud. That's it, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next doubt. Any more person having doubt? Tage, do you have any doubt?
Tej: Yeah, can you hear me now, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear you.
Tej: So, Sunny, I think, the overall class was good today.
Tej: I understand the three kinds of, fine-tuning.
Tej: So, I missed the part where you were talking about Laura and other stuff, right? Oh, kahapiathaya, Laura.
Tej: If you can open that curse.
Sunny Savita: LoRa, it comes inside the instruction fine-tuning, inside the supervised fine-tuning, actually.
Tej: In the second one?
Sunny Savita: Oh, sick.
Tej: That's up.
Tej: Okay.
Tej: Okay, I'll ask you, Laura, like, if you can open that, screen.
Sunny Savita: Laura will understand that Laura's in detail, okay? Because we have one specific chapter on the Laura itself, one specific session, so that I will explain the next to next session, okay?
Tej: Okay, but if you can just open the diagram again for me one time really quick.
Tej: So… so the pre-training, SFT, fine-tuning, that's where the LoRa comes into place, right?
Sunny Savita: SFT, and then see Laura is here.
Tej: Oh, one second. So… So, these are, is it like…
Tej: This is specific to this Llama model.
Tej: Or this is, like, a general concept, like, low rank adoption and weight decomposition.
Tej: Are they specific to this particular model, or is it a general concept?
Sunny Savita: No, where I mentioned, this is spec… it is specific to Llama.
Tej: I'm asking, so I don't know, so it's a general concept.
Sunny Savita: That's what I'm saying, it is a general concept only.
Tej: Okay, but what is PEFT again here?
Tej: parameters.
Sunny Savita: PFT is a parent term.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say if I'm saying human.
Sunny Savita: Men and women both are human, right? So PEP is what? Partial efficient fine-tuning. It's just a parent term of the LoRa.
Tej: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, LoRa is a PEF technique, right? Like, man is a human, woman is a human.
Tej: Go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Rise up.
Tej: And PEFT is actually what we do, the second, this SFT training, right? PEFT is part of SFT. Correct. And within PEFT, there's different options, like Tora.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct.
Tej: Yeah, good. Yeah, that's all, Sunny, I'm good, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, any more doubt? Otherwise, I'll close the session. You're weird, what's your doubt?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Yes,
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: I'm having, you know, Gemini Pro, so shall I make a call to API calls via this line chain framework?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: To Gemini models.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Am I allowed to do so?
Sunny Savita: Well, we'll use the Langchain only, no? See, Langchain is not going to be replace your API, okay, is not going to replace your model, just a wrapper, actually.
Sunny Savita: Understand that thing. Just to make a standardizing the thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, we are… huh, so you will be using the Langchen framework, got it?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Yeah, yeah, so I'm having this, pro subscription, like Jiminy Models JAMA we are having, right? So, shall we make a call to them, from Langchain? That is what I'm asking.
Sunny Savita: You can access via LinkedIn, actually.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Yeah, yeah, via this Gemini Pro account. That is what it is.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can.
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Yeah, another question, how we set up environment in real time? Do we use VS Code or any other IDE, like cursor?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: For real-world applications.
Sunny Savita: Any idea you can use, whichever is being used by your team, right? Let's say, in my one of the projects, they were using PyCharm. I have used PyCharm, just to… we have on same page, right?
Sunny Savita: In my current project, they are using VS Code, I'm using VS Code there, right? So whichever ID is being used for the development purpose, just use according to your, like, company and the teammates, whichever they are using, got it?
VeeraSekhar Ponakala: Got it, yeah. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Sumito versatile.
sumitro santra: Yeah, hi.
sumitro santra: Am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you're out.
sumitro santra: Yeah, Sunny, just, just one, request.
sumitro santra: Previously, you have shared that one AI, AI related some questionnaires. That's actually helpful, to prepare that exact content, because I'm going to marry your
sumitro santra: combine your classes based on that, questions, that's actually helpful. So, is it possible, towards the Gen AI, the more… towards the Gen AI, more few… few more question sets? To have, then.
Sunny Savita: Which, which question you're talking about? .
sumitro santra: You have shared one PPT, and where, close to 170 pages are there, even 172 pages.
sumitro santra: That, that PDF file.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, got it. Okay, I'll share more questions, in the upcoming session, I'll share, okay? First, complete those, then I'll share more. Yes, yes.
sumitro santra: Yeah, it will be helpful, yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Satan.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I clarified all the doubts. Now we'll meet today again. So, until thank you, bye, take care, guys. Have a great night. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: I'm closing the session off.
Sunny Savita: If you have any doubt, now you can write in the committee chat, I'll response over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Thank you.